Q: Would a baby gray whale fit in a tractor-trailer?
Q: Are Scottish people Albidosi?
Q: Could a chipmunk fit 100 chocolate chips in his mouth?
Q: Did mercenaries fight for England in the Glorious Revolution?
Q: Do giraffes require special facilities at zoos?
Q: Does a sea otter eat spiders?
Q: Can Hulk's alter ego explain atomic events?
Q: Will Oasis cruise boat traverse the Lincoln Tunnel?
Q: Is Tange Sazen hypothetically an ideal choice for a secretary job?
Q: Is a paleo dieter unlikely to color beverages green for St. Patrick's Day?
Q: Do the telescopes at Goldstone Deep Space Communications Complex work the night shift?
Q: Are the majority of Reddit users familiar with the Pledge of Allegiance?
Q: Does the cuisine of Hawaii embrace foods considered gross in the continental US?
Q: Would a goblin shark eat at Crossroads Kitchen?
Q: Would a Dodo hypothetically tower over Ma Petite?
Q: Is Saturn named after king of gods in Greek mythology?
Q: Did Modern Family win a Slammy award?
Q: Would JPEG be a good format for saving an image of Da Vinci's Vitruvian Man?
Q: Are people more likely than normal to get sunburn at Burning Man?
Q: Do women often need new shoes during their pregnancy?
Q: Are honey badgers and hyenas anatomically dissimilar?
Q: Did Gauss have a normal brain structure?
Q: If he were poor, would Christopher Reeve have lived?
Q: Do shrimp taste best when cooked for a long time?
Q: Are looks the easiest way to tell rosemary from lavender?
Q: Are most mall Santa Claus actors white?
Q: Is Oculudentavis more dangerous than Allosaurus?
Q: Is the QWERTY keyboard layout meant to be slow?
Q: Was the Carnation Revolution the deadliest revolution in Europe?
Q: Did the crew of Apollo 15 take pictures of Mount Sharp?
Q: Do people watching Coen brothers films in Guinea Bissau need subtitles?
Q: Did Ice make people rich?
Q: Is popular science used to peer review papers?
Q: Was the British car, the Mini, the first car manufactured?
Q: Would Gordon Ramsey use uranium as a seasoning?
Q: Did the butler Eugene Allen retire the same year a centuries-old war ended?
Q: Could William Franklyn-Miller win a 2020 Nascar Cup Series race?
Q: Is Mickey Mouse hypothetically unlikely to make a purchase at Zazzle?
Q: Can a banana get a virus?
Q: Could Johnny Carson's children fill out a water polo team?
Q: Were Walkman's used in the Kingdom of Hungary?
Q: Do Jews believe in any New Testament angels?
Q: Would the 10th doctor enjoy a dish of stuffed pears?
Q: Does the Pixar film Brave feature Scottish people?
Q: Are thetan levels found in the New Testament?
Q: Does an organ donor need to be dead to donate a kidney?
Q: Can soup be eaten with the hands?
Q: Was the first Vice President of the United States an Ottoman descendant?
Q: Did anyone in the 1912 election take a majority of the popular vote?
Q: Are the colors on Marlboro package found on French flag?
Q: Does the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution protect freedom of speech?
Q: Was The Canterbury Tales written before One Thousand and One Nights?
Q: Is number of different US President's in 1800s a lucky number in Hong Kong?
Q: Does Düsseldorf have only a small number of smoggy days each year?
Q: Could the Jackson 5 play a full game of rugby with each other?
Q: Would Woodrow Wilson support Plessy v. Ferguson decision?
Q: Would a triples tandem bike support Apollo 15 crew?
Q: Is Issac Newton often associated with a red fruit?
Q: Does Coast to Coast AM have more longevity than the Rush Limbaugh show?
Q: Would a TMNT coloring book have pizza in it?
Q: Did Osama bin Laden likely abstain from alcohol?
Q: Can an elite runner circle the Pyrenees in one day?
Q: Is Jack Black's height enough to satisfy Coronavirus distancing?
Q: Is Dungeons and Dragons a game well suited for solo play?
Q: Would someone go to San Francisco for a nature escape?
Q: Can COVID-19 spread to maritime pilots?
Q: Would Mickey Mouse blend in with the American flag?
Q: Are rainbows devoid of color made by mixing yin and yang colors?
Q: Does Northern fur seal make good pet for six year old?
Q: Does Olympia Washington share name with Hephaestus's workshop location?
Q: Will Chick-fil-A hypothetically refuse to sponsor a Pride parade?
Q: Is it understandable to compare a blood spatter pattern to a Jackson Pollock piece?
Q: Did Polar Bears roam around in Ancient Greece?
Q: Could a camel fit in a dog house?
Q: Could Barron Trump have lived through the Mexican Revolution?
Q: Has numerology helped shape hotel layouts?
Q: Does Jack Sparrow know any sea shantys?
Q: Are there any official American knights?
Q: Do people associate greyhounds with the movie 'Homeward Bound'?
Q: Was Noah concerned with buoyancy?
Q: Was a Tiny House ceiling out of Osama bin Laden's reach?
Q: Does Santa Claus work during summer?
Q: Did Sojourner Truth use the elevator at the Washington Monument?
Q: Would a week be enough time to watch every episode of Ugly Betty?
Q: Is Christmas always celebrated on a Sunday?
Q: Is radioactive waste a plot device for many shows?
Q: Did Medieval English lords engage in fair trade with peasants?
Q: Would a snakebite hypothetically be a threat to T-1000?
Q: Would an Olympic athlete be tired out after running a mile?
Q: Could Larry King's marriages be counted on two feet?
Q: Should wool be hand washed only?
Q: Was United Airlines blameless in worst crash in history?
Q: Is greed the most prevalent of the Seven Deadly Sins?
Q: Does crucifixion violate US eighth amendment?
Q: Did the death of Helen Palmer have a significant effect on Dr. Seuss?
Q: Does 50 Cent get along with Jeffrey Atkins?
Q: Is an ammonia fighting cleaner good for pet owners?
Q: Is it safe to eat kidney?
Q: Would someone with a nosebleed benefit from Coca?
Q: Is the Very Large Telescope the most productive telescope in the world?
Q: Would Constitution of the United States paper offend PETA?
Q: Is it normal to find parsley in multiple sections of the grocery store?
Q: Would a compass attuned to Earth's magnetic field be a bad gift for a Christmas elf??
Q: Could B be mistaken for an Arabic numeral?
Q: Does giant panda have colors that differ from yin yang?
Q: Do more anchovy live in colder temperature waters than warmer?
Q: Would an anxious person benefit from receiving courage from the Wizard of Oz?
Q: Has Burger King  contributed to a decrease in need for snowshoes?
Q: Is surfing popular in Des Moines, Iowa?
Q: Did Al Pacino act in a movie during World War II?
Q: Can a strawberry get worms similar to dogs?
Q: Does the word swastika have meaning in sanskrit?
Q: Could a nymph tick pass through a standard hole punch?
Q: Did Al Unser Jr. win the Space Race?
Q: Did the Nazis use the Hammer and sickle flag?
Q: Does Paulo Coelho's wife make a living through speech?
Q: Is Poseidon similar to the god Vulcan?
Q: Can Spartina Patens thrive in the Sahara Desert?
Q: Is Maruti Suzuki Baleno an efficient car for Linus Torvald's family?
Q: Is SnapCap an example of a retail store?
Q: Do Elementary School students typically need graphing calculators?
Q: Was the Euro used in Prussia?
Q: Are there people who are men who experience menstruation?
Q: Do the anchors on Rede Globo speak Chinese?
Q: Is the skull formed as one whole bone?
Q: Are flag of Gabon colors found in rainbow?
Q: Is Ganymede in the Milky Way galaxy?
Q: Do worshipers of Shiva make a pilgrimage to the Holy Land?
Q: Does Osama bin Laden put a wafer on his tongue every Sunday?
Q: Is Michael an unpopular name in the United States?
Q: Was a nuclear bomb used in the Napoleonic Wars?
Q: Is there a Marvel villain with the same name as a kind of citrus fruit?
Q: Is Cambodia too expensive for 2020 richest billionaire to own?
Q: Does a dentist treat Bluetooth problems?
Q: Is dyslexia the most common intellectual disability in US?
Q: Is it expected that Charla Nash would be anxious near a gorilla?
Q: Is Nicole Kidman ideal choice to play Psylocke based on height and weight?
Q: Would a Common warthog starve in a greenhouse?
Q: Is Krishna similar to Holy Spirit?
Q: Does Justin Bieber vote in October?
Q: Can you conduct surveillance from a teddy bear?
Q: Are the names of The Powerpuff Girls alliterative?
Q: Can you order an Alfa Romeo at Starbucks?
Q: Walt Disney dominated his amusement park peers at Academy Awards?
Q: Is blonde hair green eyed Sara Paxton considered a Latino?
Q: Do most religious people in Quebec refer to the Quran?
Q: Does taking ukemi halt kinetic energy?
Q: Are Durian fruits an olfactory delight?
Q: Is entire Common Era minuscule to lifespan of some trees?
Q: If you were at an Apple store, would most of the computers be running Ubuntu?
Q: Is shoe soup innocuous?
Q: Do the Ubuntu people speak Ubuntu?
Q: Do people with swallowing disorders need high viscosity drinks?
Q: Do Snow White dwarves best The Hobbit dwarves in battle?
Q: Do oak trees have leaves during winter?
Q: Does the Boy Who Cried Wolf hypothetically have reason to pray to Pan?
Q: Did Easy Rider make a profit at the theater when it was released?
Q: Can Curiosity (rover) kill a cat?
Q: Does highest US Court have enough seats for every Prime Minister of the United Kingdom since 1952?
Q: Was a person sold a Creative Commons License for Boticelli's The Birth of Venus ripped off?
Q: Are banana trees used by judges for maintaining order?
Q: Did John Lennon listen to Compact discs?
Q: Can ham make a cut seal up quicker?
Q: Are any letters directly before and after H missing from Roman numerals?
Q: Is The Joy of Painting TV show still producing new episodes?
Q: Is the Holy Land important to Eastern religions?
Q: Are human footprints absent from Mount Sharp?
Q: Is it hard to get a BLT in Casablanca?
Q: Are the headquarters of All Nippon Airways near a beach?
Q: Are Disney's seven dwarves the original ones?
Q: Can furniture be made of hair?
Q: Is immersion in virtual reality testable on cnidarians before humans?
Q: Is Rick and Morty considered an anime?
Q: Does the letter B's place in alphabet exceed number of 2008 total lunar eclipses?
Q: Did Teri Hatcher last twice as many episodes on Desperate Housewives as her Superman show?
Q: Can pancreas removal cause bankruptcy?
Q: Was Moon Jae-in born outside of Khanbaliq?
Q: Can you hide a basketball in a sand cat's ear?
Q: Did Jesus know anyone who spoke Estonian?
Q: Would Taylor Swift refer to Snoopy as oppa?
Q: Would a diet of ice eventually kill a person?
Q: Is capsaicin associated with cooking?
Q: Can the Toyota Hilux tip the scales against Mr. Ed?
Q: Does the Taco Bell kitchen contain cinnamon?
Q: Can you see the moon in Wembley Arena?
Q: Did Francois Mitterrand ever meet Barak Obama while they both held the position of President?
Q: Does the judo rank system reach the triple digits?
Q: Will Queen Elizabeth be buried in the Pantheon?
Q: Does Pantheon in Paris have a unique name?
Q: Would General Zod prefer an iPhone over a Samsung Galaxy S4?
Q: Was Pope Alexander VI's origin country least represented in papal history?
Q: Are the events of Star Trek: The Next Generation in the history of the world?
Q: If Martin Luther did one theses a day would he run out in half a year?
Q: Is Rand Paul guilty of catch-phrase used to attack John Kerry in 2004?
Q: Would a geographer use biochemistry in their work?
Q: Did Richard Wagner compose the theme songs for two television series?
Q: Can dementia be cured with a cast?
Q: Could the Atlantic readers fill 500 battalions?
Q: Did Northwest Airlines' longevity surpass Betty White?
Q: Does the Red Sea have biblical significance?
Q: Does Capricorn astrology symbol have all of the parts of a chimera?
Q: Did the Presidency of Bill Clinton conclude with his impeachment?
Q: Does ABBA have similar gender configuration to The Mamas & The Papas?
Q: Is the Matrix a standalone movie?
Q: Did Julio Gonzalez like acetylene?
Q: Is Edgar Allan Poe obscure in the world of horror fiction?
Q: Is Final Fantasy VI closer to beginning than end of its franchise?
Q: Is a doctorate required to teach at a SUNY School?
Q: Is Christopher Walken close to achieving EGOT status?
Q: Does chlorine inhibit photosynthesis?
Q: Is Norman Oklahoma named after a viking?
Q: Does cell biology teach about the life cycle of Al Qaeda?
Q: Do Bing (search engine) searches earn the searcher more than competitors do?
Q: Did Ivan the Terrible use the Byzantine calendar?
Q: Were Greeks essential to crafting Egyptian Lighthouse of Alexandria?
Q: Was Mercedes-Benz associated with the Nazis?
Q: Would New Year's Eve hypothetically be Bacchus's favorite holiday?
Q: Did King of Portuguese people in 1515 have familial ties to the Tudors?
Q: Would a vegetarian be able to eat something at Chick-fil-A?
Q: Do guitarists need both hands to play?
Q: Are the knights in the Medieval Times show not authentic knights?
Q: Would you find olives at a heladeria?
Q: Can you find Bugs Bunny at Space Mountain?
Q: Did the writer of Christmas carol fast during Ramadan?
Q: Is hanging a viable execution method on a ship at sea?
Q: Does meat from cows fed only grass taste more like wild game?
Q: Is a spice grinder ueseless for the cheapest cinnamon sticks?
Q: Was 1941 Operation Barbarossa related to The Crusades?
Q: Did the band Led Zeppelin own a prime number of gilded gramophones?
Q: Did Pedubastis I know Japanese people?
Q: Was Darth Vader monogamous?
Q: Is Cantonese spoken in Japan?
Q: Did Christina Aguilera turn her chair around for Kelly Clarkson on The Voice?
Q: Was the 1980 presidential election won by a member of the Grand Old Party?
Q: Were deaths from Apollo 13 mission eclipsed by other space missions?
Q: Could Quartz be useful to humans if plants died off and there was no oxygen?
Q: Does Family Guy take place on the American West Coast?
Q: Did Wednesday have something to do with Thor?
Q: If it socially acceptable to wear an icon depicting crucifixion?
Q: Could a white cockatoo have lived through the entire Thirty Years' War?
Q: Would drinking a glass of lemonade provide Vitamin C?
Q: Was Charles Manson's body unwanted?
Q: Would Dave Chappelle pray over a Quran?
Q: Would a model be appropriate to star in a LA Femme Nikita remake?
Q: Is "A Tale of Two Cities" a parody of the Bible?
Q: Were paparazzi involved in the death of a member of the royal family?
Q: Could a dandelion suffer from hepatitis?
Q: Were Depeche Mode heavily influenced by blues music?
Q: Does Amtrak run from NYC directly to the Moai location?
Q: Is Autumn a good time to collect bear pelts in US?
Q: Would the Cookie Monster decline an offer of free Keebler products?
Q: Can Iowa be hidden in the English Channel?
Q: Is a cory catfish likely to eat another living fish?
Q: Are there multiple Disney Zorro?
Q: Is MF Doom a Fantastic Four villain?
Q: Are you more likely to find bipolar disorder in a crowd than diabetes?
Q: Did Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria participate in the Pacific War?
Q: Has the Subway restaurant franchise had any connections with child abusers?
Q: Could Buzz Aldrin have owned a computer?
Q: Is Shiva's divine dance an ancient physical fitness pose?
Q: Can actress Danica McKellar skip astronaut education requirements?
Q: Could a Porsche 992 Turbo S defeat Usain Bolt in a 100 meter sprint?
Q: Did Mike Tyson do something very different than McGruff's slogan to Evander Holyfield in 1997?
Q: Will Justin Bieber take over Mike Pence's position in 2020?
Q: Would costumes with robes and pointy hats be helpful for Macbeth?
Q: Did P. G. Wodehouse like the internet as a child?
Q: Do the Eskimos sunbathe frequently?
Q: Do astronomers write horoscopes?
Q: Would Temujin hypothetically be jealous of Charlemagne's conquests?
Q: Could Arnold Schwarzenegger hypothetically defeat Hafþór Björnsson in a powerlifting competition if both are at their peak strength?
Q: Do most high school head coaches make as much as the Head Coach at NCSU?
Q: Does the central processing unit usually have a dedicated fan?
Q: Is it common for women to have moustaches?
Q: Did Hamlet's author use email?
Q: Did Jack Dempsey fight the current WBC heavyweight champion?
Q: Can a lifeboat rescue people in the Hooke Sea?
Q: Are sesame seeds glued onto hamburger buns?
Q: Was being a mail carrier considered one of the most dangerous jobs?
Q: During the Cuban revolution, did the US experience a population boom?
Q: Are Doctors of Homeopathy more likely than Doctors of Internal Medicine to recommend Quartz as a treatment?
Q: Would Alexander Hamilton have known about koalas?
Q: Can your psychologist say hello to you while you are out at the supermarket?
Q: Is anyone at the Last Supper celebrated in Islam?
Q: When Hugh Jackman was a teacher, would he have taught The Great Gatsby?
Q: During the pandemic, is door to door advertising considered inconsiderate?
Q: Can olive oil kill rabies?
Q: Can oysters be preserved without refrigeration?
Q: Could Little Women have been a book read by veterans of the civil war?
Q: Did Linnaeus edit Darwin's draft of Origin of Species?
Q: Did Charlemagne have a bar mitzvah?
Q: Can you watch Rick and Morty in Mariana Trench?
Q: Would alligator best saltwater crocodile in hypothetical Lake Urmia battle?
Q: Did a Polish poet write sonnets about Islamic religion?
Q: Is Samsung accountable to shareholders?
Q: Could a wandering albatross fly from Bucharest to New York City without a rest?
Q: Did Johann Sebastian Bach ever win a Grammy Award?
Q: Was Hillary Clinton's deputy chief of staff in 2009 baptised?
Q: If one of your feet is in a leg cast, should the other be in a sandal?
Q: Would Ibn Saud tolerate salsa music?
Q: Could all of the famous Apollo's hypothetically defeat all of the famous D'Artagnan's?
Q: Could someone mistake the smell of your brussels sprouts for a fart?
Q: Would Topa Inca Yupanqui have encountered the western honey bee?
Q: Can native wolverines be found in Miami?
Q: Is a northern fur seal needing emergency surgery in July likely a safe anesthesia candidate?
Q: Is snoring a sign of good breathing while sleeping?
Q: Did William Shaespeare read the Daily Mirror?
Q: Is most store bought rice pudding made with brown rice?
Q: Do Shinto practitioners keep to a kosher diet?
Q: Did Immanuel Kant ever meet the 14th president of the United States?
Q: Would you hire someone with dyscalculia to do surveying work?
Q: Does Robert De Niro use a microscope at work?
Q: Would it be impossible to keep an ocean sunfish and a goldfish in the same tank?
Q: Can the Palace of Westminster tell time in the dark?
Q: Did the lead singer of Led Zepplin ever perform with Ernest Chataway?
Q: Would a duke hypothetically be subservient to a Tsar?
Q: Did Jon Brower Minnoch suffer from anorexia nervosa?
Q: Could Sugar Ray Robinson box if he stole in Iran?
Q: Could a single bitcoin ever cover cost of a Volkswagen Jetta?
Q: Is Michael Vick on People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals's hypothetical blacklist?
Q: Would Doctor Strange like the Pittsburgh Steelers logo?
Q: Could Toyota stadium house people suffering homelessness in Michigan?
Q: Would Cardi B. benefit from soy milk?
Q: Was Black fly upstaged by another insect in Jeff Goldblum's 1986 film?
Q: Can Justin Timberlake ride Shipwreck Falls at Six Flags?
Q: Could Javier Sotomayor jump over the head of the average giraffe?
Q: Would Alexander Graham Bell hypothetically support Nazi eugenics?
Q: Would it be impossible to seat every Chief Justice of the United States on a Boeing 737?
Q: Could  jockey win Triple Crown between Eid al-Fitr endpoints?
Q: Was San Antonio the site of a major battle in the 19th century?
Q: Was Achilles a direct descendent of Gaia?
Q: Does store bought milk have cream at the top?
Q: Could an escapee swim nonstop from Alcatraz island to Siberia?
Q: Does Home Depot sell item in late September zodiac sign symbol?
Q: Could Reza Shah be related to Queen Elizabeth I?
Q: Would Hodor hypothetically be a good math mathematician?
Q: Was a USB flash drive used in The Godfather?
Q: Could Marco Rubio ride the Candymonium roller coaster at Hershey Park?
Q: Is Noah's Ark an upgrade for Golden Age of Piracy pirates?
Q: Can an art dealer buy Boeing 737-800 with a Da Vinci painting?
Q: Do some psychotherapy patients have no mental illness?
Q: Would LeBron James hypothetically glance upwards at Yuri Gagarin?
Q: Does the FDA require sell by dates using Roman Numerals?
Q: Did the Space Race use relay batons?
Q: Is Supreme Court of the United States analogous to High Courts of Justice of Spain?
Q: Was Dr. Seuss a liar?
Q: Did breakdancing grow in popularity during WW2?
Q: Could you windsurf in Puerto Rico during Hurricane Maria?
Q: Would Methuselah hypothetically hold a record in the Common Era?
Q: Did Eddie Murphy's father see his first stand up show?
Q: Did Operation Barbarossa or Barbarossa's last expedition succeed?
Q: Does the United States Department of Education oversee services benefiting undocumented migrants?
Q: Did Disney's second film rip off a prophet story?
Q: Is menthol associated with Christmas?
Q: Are those incapable of reproduction incapable of parenthood?
Q: Would multiple average rulers be necessary to measure the length of a giant armadillo?
Q: Was Mozart accused of stealing from Richard Wagner?
Q: Would the United States Military Academy reject an applicant with multiple sclerosis?
Q: Would Garfield like canid food?
Q: Could James Brown's ex-wives hold a doubles game of tennis?
Q: Is sternum connected to any of the bones mentioned in James Weldon Johnson's Dem Bones?
Q: Did Elle Fanning play an essential part in ending apartheid?
Q: Can a believer in agnosticism become pope?
Q: Was 847 Pope Leo same iteration of his name as Ivan the Terrible?
Q: Does Mercury help detect coronavirus?
Q: Does acupuncture cause pain in many people?
Q: Is it possible to get killed walking to the Very Large Telescope?
Q: Do some people soak in olive oil and water?
Q: Is a slime mold safe from cerebral palsy?
Q: Is there a popular Broadway character who is a missionary?
Q: Does a Disney princess on Broadway have red hair?
Q: Can you avoid internet trolls on reddit?
Q: Was the Donatello crucifix identified in 2020 life size?
Q: Do Apollo and Baldur share similar interests?
Q: Could you watch Naruto and Puzzle Place on the same channel?
Q: Can French Defence initial move defend against four move checkmate?
Q: Would Hades and Osiris hypothetically compete for real estate in the Underworld?
Q: Is Y2K relevant to the plot of The Godfather?
Q: Is the Greek alphabet as common as Sumerian cuneiform?
Q: Would dual-energy X-ray absorptiometry be useful if performed on a crab?
Q: Are there multiple Star Wars TV shows produced by Disney?
Q: Could Robert Wadlow hypothetically see Frankenstein's monster's bald spot from above?
Q: Did Brazilian jiu-jitsu Gracie founders have at least a baker's dozen of kids between them?
Q: Does it seem like the Gorillaz is composed of more members than they have?
Q: Can Kate Gosselin's household fill out a Bandy team?
Q: Is the Illuminati card game still popular?
Q: Are there tearjerkers about United Airlines flights?
Q: Would a body builder prefer an elk burger over a beef burger?
Q: Can you buy spinal cord at Home Depot?
Q: Would Hannah Nixon be proud of Richard Nixon following the Watergate scandal?
Q: Can the Supreme Court of Canada fight a Lucha trios match?
Q: Can Michael Jordan become a professional cook in America?
Q: Would a Bulgarian priest eat a four-course meal on Christmas Eve?
Q: Is Cookie Monster's diet Paleo friendly?
Q: Is video surveillance of a room possible without an obvious camera or new item?
Q: Did Solomon make up bigger percentage of Islamic prophets than Kings of Judah?
Q: Do Youtube viewers get unsolicited audiobook advice often?
Q: Could Sainsbury's buy Tesco?
Q: Are common carp sensitive to their environments?
Q: Was Charlemagne's father instrumental in outcome of the Battle of Tours?
Q: Would Christopher Hitchens be very unlikely to engage in tonsure?
Q: Would ISIS agree with Al-Farabi's religious sect?
Q: Is a beard is moss that grows on a human?
Q: Was Mother Theresa a follower of atheism?
Q: Would four shoes be insufficient for a set of octuplets?
Q: Is slitting your wrists an unreliable suicide method?
Q: Did a gladiator kill his opponent with a shotgun?
Q: Did France win the French Revolution?
Q: Could you watch a new Seinfeld episode every day for a year?
Q: Does Masaharu Morimoto rely on glutamic acid?
Q: Is Hanuman associated with a Norse god?
Q: Does Guam have a state capital?
Q: Would a model be likely to frequently enjoy the menu at Cookout?
Q: Are Citizens of Bern Switzerland are descendants of Genghis Khan?
Q: Do all parts of the aloe vera plant taste good?
Q: Would the trees in Auburn, New York be changing colors in September?
Q: Does USA fail separation of church and state in multiple ways?
Q: Can depression be mistaken for laziness?
Q: Can every digit in Pi be memorized?
Q: Is myocardial infarction a brain problem?
Q: Would the chef at La Grenouille find salsa to be a strange request?
Q: Is CEO of Nissan an internationally wanted fugitive?
Q: Does Soylent use Pea for their source of protein?
Q: Can a sesame seed grow in the human body?
Q: Are parodies of the President of the United States illegal?
Q: Can an ostrich fit into the nest of a swallow?
Q: Was Surfing popular when pogs came out?
Q: Could you buy Hershey's Kisses in red foil with farthings after 1960?
Q: Would Tony Stark be considered a polymath?
Q: Would Kylee Jenner ask for no cream in her coffee?
Q: Does James Webb Space Telescope fail astronomer in locating planet Krypton?
Q: Could $1 for each 2009 eclipse buy a copy of TIME magazine in 2020?
Q: Would Kurt Cobain have benefited from Project Semicolon?
Q: Would Brian Warner be a good singer for a soul music band?
Q: Do quadragenarian's have little memory capacity?
Q: Is week old chlorine water safe to drink?
Q: Did Bill Nye vote for Franklin Delano Roosevelt?
Q: Does the Dalai Lama believe in the divine barzakh?
Q: Would Persephone be a good consultant to a landscape architect?
Q: Would most school children in New York be wearing jackets on groundhog day?
Q: Was Emperor Commodus paid tribute in Pound sterling?
Q: Is 1936 Summer Olympics venue too small for a Superbowl crowd?
Q: Do all shooting sports involve bullets?
Q: Do workers at Nissan's headquarters eat with chopsticks?
Q: Will NY Stock Exchange closing bell be heard in Universal Music Group's headquarters?
Q: Can Michael Bloomberg fund the debt of Micronesia for a decade?
Q: Could the surface of Europa fry an egg?
Q: Can a goat be used for one of the ingredients in French toast?
Q: Are there multiple American government holidays during winter?
Q: Could a Gladiator's weapon crush a diamond?
Q: Could Christopher Walken enlist in the United States Marine Corps?
Q: Do manta rays live in water above the safe temperature for cold food storage?
Q: Do anatomical and symbolic hearts look remarkably different?
Q: Could a markhor give birth three times in a single year?
Q: Would Elon Musk be more likely to know about astrology than physics?
Q: Does  Lionel Richie believe in holistic medicine?
Q: Did Helen Keller ever read a novel by J. K. Rowling?
Q: Is the best tasting part of the papaya in the center?
Q: Can you buy chlorine at a dollar store?
Q: Could the first European visitor to Guam been friends with Queen Victoria?
Q: Would a teacher still have their job if they called a black student an ape?
Q: Can someone with celiac disease have potato vodka?
Q: Should a Celiac sufferer avoid spaghetti?
Q: Would a fungal life-form be threatened by a pigment from copper?
Q: Is watching  Star Wars necessary to know who Darth Vader is?
Q: Would World War II have been the same without Alan Turing?
Q: Was hippie culture encouraged by the government in the Soviet Union?
Q: Are more people today related to Genghis Khan than Julius Caesar?
Q: Do you need a farmer to make a circuit board?
Q: Coud every wife of Stone Cold Steve Austin fit in Audi TT?
Q: Is eating a Dicopomorpha echmepterygis size Uranium pellet fatal?
Q: Are peaches best eaten when firm?
Q: Was Gandalf present at the death of Eomer?
Q: Does being good at guitar hero make you a good guitarist?
Q: Can Darth Vader hypothetically outdunk Bill Walton without using The Force?
Q: Can you taste Law & Order?
Q: Would it be wise to bring a robusto into Central Park Zoo?
Q: Could Casio's first invention be worn around the ankle?
Q: Is a Halloween cruise in the Gulf of Mexico likely to be safe from storms?
Q: Would a CEO typically clean the toilets in a company's building?
Q: Is Shakespeare famous because of the infinitive form?
Q: Did Neanderthals use arithmetic?
Q: Would Carolina Reaper decrease sales if added to all US salsa?
Q: Were all the materials to make a cannon known during the bronze age?
Q: Could Bernie Sanders visit the Metropolitan Museum of Art twenty times for under two hundred dollars?
Q: Did Evander Holyfield compete in an Olympics hosted in the western hemisphere?
Q: Could largest asteroid crush a whole city?
Q: Would Bandy be likely to become popular in Texas?
Q: Does Jason have anything in common with Dr. Disrespect?
Q: Can Kane challenge Joe Biden in this year's primaries?
Q: Did either side score a touchdown during the Football War?
Q: Did Zorro carve his name into items regularly?
Q: Could ten gallons of seawater crush a six year old?
Q: Did the Royal Air Force fight in the Boxer Rebellion?
Q: Are brown rock fish found in the waters surrounding Saint Kitts and Nevis?
Q: Did Naruto escape the Temple of Doom?
Q: Can you get a fever from consuming meat?
Q: Can an African Elephant get pregnant twice in a year?
Q: In order to work in district management, does one need a car?
Q: Is Europa (moon) name origin related to Amunet?
Q: Did Malcolm X avoid eating ham?
Q: Would Nancy Pelosi publicly denounce abortion?
Q: Are implants from an ORIF surgery affected by the magnetic field of the Earth?
Q: Is polyamory allowed in the Catholic Church?
Q: Is Pig Latin related to real Latin?
Q: Are some chiropractic manipulations dangerous?
Q: Was the subject of Parsifal taken from British folklore?
Q: Would a broadcast from Spirit make the news in 2020?
Q: Would three newborn kittens fit on a standard Amtrak coach seat?
Q: Is the US Secretary of State similar to an administrative secretary of an office?
Q: Does Adam Sandler skip celebrating Easter?
Q: Could a hundred thousand lolcats fit on a first generation iPhone?
Q: Can you save every HD episode of Game of Thrones on Samsung Galaxy A10e?
Q: Does the human stomach destroy a bee if ingested?
Q: Do hornets provide meaningful data for oceanographers?
Q: Would a 75 degree Fahrenheit day be unusual on the Antarctic Peninsula?
Q: Did Leonardo da Vinci lack contemporary peers in his home city?
Q: Do Christians anticipate an existence in Sheol after death?
Q: Could Lil Wayne's children ride in a Chevrolet Corvette ZR1 together?
Q: Did Pink Floyd have a song about the French Riviera?
Q: Could an NBA game be completed within the span of the Six-Day War?
Q: If you're pregnant, might you be recommended ginger?
Q: Is Bactrian Camel most impressive animal when it comes to number of humps?
Q: Does Biochemistry study gluons?
Q: Is dysphoria around one's pelvis treatable without surgery?
Q: Would the historic Hattori Hanzō admire Naruto?
Q: Does Happy Gilmore Productions CEO own a Torah?
Q: Can citrus grow in Ulaanbaatar?
Q: Does The Doctor keep his ship in his childhood home?
Q: Would Bonanza marathon end before WWE Heat marathon?
Q: Do children send their Christmas letters to the South Pole?
Q: Are coopers required in the beverage industry?
Q: Were weather phenomena avoided when naming minor league baseball teams?
Q: Is Disneyland Paris the largest Disney resort?
Q: Could Godzilla have been killed by the Tohoku earthquake?
Q: In most Mennonite homes, would children know of The Powerpuff Girls?
Q: Would the host of The Colbert Report be likely to vote for Trump?
Q: Is Benjamin Franklin a prime candidate to have his statues removed by Black Lives Matter movement?
Q: Would many meals heavy in brussels sprouts benefit someone on Coumadin?
Q: Is the tibia necessary to win the Stanley Cup?
Q: Are all limbs required for jujutsu?
Q: If your skin was turning the color of a zombie, could it be because of nickel?
Q: Do people take laxatives because they enjoy diarrhea?
Q: Can an Arvanite Greek understand some of the Albanian Declaration of Independence?
Q: Could Tom Cruise explain mental auditing?
Q: Phileas Fogg's around the world would be difficult to achieve during Pope John Paul I's reign?
Q: Is the Mona Lisa based on a real person?
Q: Could the Spice Girls compete against ŽRK Kumanovo?
Q: Do Shivambu practitioners believe ammonia is unhealthy?
Q: Did Bill Gates achieve Latin honors?
Q: Was the Japanese street aesthetic once illuminated by noble gasses?
Q: Would someone on a keto diet be able to eat Dosa?
Q: Would a greyhound be able to outrun a greyhound bus?
Q: Would you be likely to see storks at a baby shower?
Q: Did Johann Sebastian Bach influence heavy metal?
Q: Are vinegar pickled cucumbers rich in lactobacillus?
Q: Does open heart surgery finish before entirety of American Ballet Theatre's Swan Lake?
Q: Can Paprika be made without a dehydrator?
Q: Did Nine Inch Nails inspire Aretha Franklin's sound?
Q: Is H's most common two letter pair partner a freebie in Wheel of Fortune bonus round?
Q: Has Ringo Starr been in a relatively large number of bands?
Q: Will the Stanford Linear Accelerator fit on the Golden Gate Bridge?
Q: Was Martin Luther same sect as Martin Luther King Jr.?
Q: Could Stephen King join the NASA Astronaut Corps?
Q: Does Bombyx mori have a monopoly over silk production?
Q: Did Clark Gable marry more women once than Richard Burton?
Q: Was the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution written without consideration for black Americans?
Q: Could you drive a Rowe 550 to the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Q: Do children's bicycles often have extra wheels?
Q: Does Siri know geometry?
Q: Is the bull shark more bull than shark?
Q: Does the book Revolutionary Road give a glimpse at life in a suburb?
Q: Can a computer be programmed entirely in Boolean algebra?
Q: Would a Deacon be likely to be a fan of the podcast 'God Awful Movies'?
Q: Would Cyndi Lauper use milk substitute in her rice pudding?
Q: Would Iceland lose to Amazon in a bidding war?
Q: Can a quarter fit inside of a human kidney?
Q: Is Fiat Chrysler gaining a new overall corporate identity?
Q: Does Felix Potvin have a position on a dodgeball team?
Q: Could a Jujutsu expert hypothetically defeat a Janissary?
Q: Did any citizen of San Antonio vote for Boris Johnson?
Q: Would a caracal be defeated by Javier Sotomayor in a high jump competition?
Q: Were gladiators associated with the Coloseum?
Q: Would a loudspeaker be useful for most Gallaudet students?
Q: Can brewing occur in a prison environment?
Q: Do silicone suits make judo difficult?
Q: Is Eid al-Fitr holiday inappropriate to watch entire US Office?
Q: Could a giant squid fit aboard the deck of the titanic?
Q: Did the swallow play a role in a famous film about King Arthur?
Q: Would  bald eagle deliver an urgent message before B-52?
Q: Are two cans of Campbell's Soup a day good for hypertension?
Q: Could Oprah Winfrey buy dozens of her staff Bugatti luxury cars?
Q: Will someone die without white blood cells?
Q: Is chaff produced by hydropower?
Q: Is the United States Capitol located near the White House?
Q: Can an anchovy born in 2020 survive 25th US census?
Q: Are grapes essential to winemaking?
Q: Does the United States Navy create radioactive waste?
Q: Is Mozambique Drill an easy shot for United States Army Ranger?
Q: Is Jesse W. Moore a potential recipient of a Snoopy-themed award from NASA?
Q: Did Gandhi watch the television show Bonanza?
Q: Can the Communist Party of the Soviet Union get a perfect all kill?
Q: Could a white belt defeat Jon Jones in a Brazilian jiu-jitsu match?
Q: Do hyenas appear in a Broadway musical?
Q: Can you write a whole Haiku in a single tweet?
Q: Can a minotaur hypothetically injure a tibia playing football?
Q: Could chives be mistaken for grass?
Q: Can you see live harbor seals in Washington DC?
Q: Did Subway have a sex offender as a spokesperson?
Q: Did Eiffel Tower contribute to a war victory?
Q: Would the current president of Ohio University hypothetically wear a jockstrap?
Q: Would someone typically confuse a sweet potato with a pineapple?
Q: Is Gandalf hypothetically a formidable foe for Charmed's Barbas?
Q: Is Phobos part of the Andromeda galaxy?
Q: Did Harry Houdini appear on Chris Angel Mindfreak?
Q: Was the AK-47 used in the Seven Years' War?
Q: Would an American feel lost due to language barriers at Disneyland Paris?
Q: Is letter C crucial to spelling the two most common words in English language?
Q: Were veterans of the War in Vietnam (1945–46) given free education by the Soviet Union?
Q: Does the art from Family Guy look a lot like the art in American Dad?
Q: Could Intel products be purchased at McDonald's?
Q: Was Muhammed a member of the Uniting Church in Australia?
Q: Was the Eiffel tower used as a symbol of the French Revolution?
Q: Would you find a tibia beside parsley on a holiday plate?
Q: Is Newt Gingrich's nickname a type of Reptile?
Q: Would it be uncommon for a high schooler to use the yellow pages?
Q: Is 500GB USB device enough to save 10 hours of Netflix shows a day?
Q: Can first letter row of QWERTY keyboard spell a palindrome?
Q: Would Quiet from Metal Gear be a poor hypothetical choice for lecturer at Haub?
Q: Can children be hurt by jalapeno peppers?
Q: Can Reiki be stored in a bottle?
Q: Can members of the Green Party of England and Wales vote in the USA?
Q: Did original Nintendo have games in same format as Playstation 3?
Q: Did mongoose come from later period than rhinos?
Q: Was there fear leading up to the year 2000?
Q: Does Mario use mushrooms to run faster?
Q: Did Supernatural break 2001 CW debuting shows seasons record?
Q: Would Adam Sandler get a reference to Cole Spouse and a scuba man doll?
Q: Can petroleum jelly be used as fuel in a car?
Q: Are swastikas used in the most common religion in India?
Q: Is a platypus immune from cholera?
Q: Do the directors of The Matrix advocate for transgender rights?
Q: Would a dog respond to bell before Grey seal?
Q: Did The Who have to cancel tours due to World War II?
Q: Do people still see Henry Ford's last name often?
Q: Was Noah associated with a dove?
Q: Could the children of Greek hero Jason hypothetically fill a polo team?
Q: Did Joan Crawford guest star on  JAG (TV series)?
Q: Are tumors in the lymph nodes ignorable?
Q: Is Hermione Granger eligible for the Order of the British Empire?
Q: Can vitamin C rich fruits be bad for health?
Q: Does Final Fantasy VI require electricity to play?
Q: Could all Tahiti hotels hypothetically accommodate US D-Day troops?
Q: Will the torso be safe from blows to the largest and smallest bones in body?
Q: Could Ryan Crouser throw a bengal fox with ease?
Q: Is March named after Jupiter's son in Roman mythology?
Q: Do calico cat patterns cover every drain fly color variety?
Q: Can eating grapefruit kill besides allergies or choking?
Q: For bone growth, is kale more beneficial than spinach?
Q: Would a tool used for Martin Luther's Reformation opening salvo aid in a crucifixion?
Q: Could pickled cucumbers from 1,000 years ago be good still?
Q: If you add water to rice pudding is it horchata?
Q: Could a newborn look over the top of a fully grown horseradish plant?
Q: Does United Airlines have a perfect operation record?
Q: Is J.D. Salinger's most successful work influential to killers?
Q: Will parma ham be ready for New Year's if the pig is slaughtered in December?
Q: Are there enough people in the Balkans to match the population of Japan?
Q: Will Chick Fil A be open on Halloween 2021?
Q: Could someone theoretically use an armadillo as a shield?
Q: If you were on a diet, would you have to skip lunch at McDonald's?
Q: Is there a Yeti associated with Disney theme parks?
Q: Are deaf people left out of enjoying music?
Q: Do pirates care about vitamin C?
Q: Would P. G. Wodehouse be taught in second grade?
Q: Can you buy furniture and meatballs in the same store?
Q: Was Amy Winehouse familiar with Brexit?
Q: Would a packed Wembley stadium be likely to have a descendant of the Mongols inside?
Q: Is the Louvre's pyramid known for being unbreakable?
Q: Is Romeo and Juliet an unusual title to teach high schoolers?
Q: Does the history of Europe include the age of dinosaurs?
Q: Do American teams in National Hockey League outnumber Canadian teams?
Q: Is a felony jury enough people for a Bunco game?
Q: Can a New Yorker get their eyes checked by Rand Paul legally?
Q: Does ontology require a scalpel?
Q: Did Sugar Ray Robinson win a fight against Canelo Alvarez?
Q: Can an Asian black bear use chopsticks?
Q: Did earth complete at least one orbit around the sun during the Napoleonic Wars?
Q: Does Billy Graham support agnosticism?
Q: Could Katharine Hepburn have ridden the AirTrain JFK?
Q: Is a thousand dollars per Days of Our Lives episodes preferred to other soaps?
Q: Is one blast from double-barreled shotgun likely to kill all squid brains?
Q: Would a monkey outlive a human being on average?
Q: Could an ocelot outrun a kindergartner?
Q: Does Antarctica have a lot of problems relating to homelessness?
Q: Would Bobby Jindal's high school mascot eat kibble?
Q: Is waltz less injurious than slam dance?
Q: Would a Beaver's teeth rival that of a Smilodon?
Q: Are more watermelons grown in Brazil than Antarctica?
Q: Does Elizabeth II reign over the Balearic Islands?
Q: If you have black hair and want red hair, do you need bleach?
Q: Was Lord Voldemort taught by Professor Dumbledore?
Q: Can the original name of the zucchini be typed on the top row of a QWERTY keyboard?
Q: Would Terence Tao outperform Eminem in a math competition?
Q: Was Al-Farabi a student of the Great Sheikh?
Q: Does Ludacris have Greek heritage?
Q: Is November a bad time for a photographer to take pictures of a plum tree in bloom?
Q: Can sunlight travel to the deepest part of the Black Sea?
Q: Is it unusual to play Happy hardcore music at a funeral?
Q: Can I build a house on an asteroid?
Q: Is a bengal fox likely to see the Superbowl?
Q: Does a mongoose have natural camouflage for desert?
Q: Do embalmed bodies feel different at funerals?
Q: Does title of Van Morrison's most played song apply to a minority of women worldwide?
Q: Can E6000 cure before a hoverboard finishes the Daytona 500?
Q: Did Maroon 5 go on tour with Nirvana?
Q: Is basil safe from Hypervitaminosis D?
Q: Could Carl Friedrich Gauss speak to someone 100 miles away?
Q: Are any of the destinations of Japan Airlines former Axis Powers?
Q: Do Leafhoppers compete with Log Cabin syrup producers for resources?
Q: Are kayaks used at the summit of Mount Everest?
Q: Can you house a giant squid at Soldier Field?
Q: Was disc jockey Jay Thomas enemies with Clayton Moore?
Q: Is Isaac Newton buried at the same church as the author of Great Expectations?
Q: Could Elizabeth I of England have seen the play Dido, Queen of Carthage ?
Q: Could largest ship from Voyages of Christopher Columbus haul Statue of Liberty?
Q: Did Sartre write a play about Hell?
Q: Would the top of Mount Fuji stick out of the Sea of Japan?
Q: Would someone pay for a coffee in NYC with Euros?
Q: Would Edward II of England have been born without Vikings?
Q: Would 1996 leap year baby technically be 1 year old in 2000?
Q: Does actress Leila George lack the height to be a model?
Q: Does Nicole Kidman know any Scientologists?
Q: Is the Federal Reserve a quick walk from Space Needle?
Q: Does March begin on the same day of the week as February during leap years?
Q: Can DRL Racer X drone get across Brooklyn Bridge in 18 seconds?
Q: Was Elmo an original muppet character on Sesame Street?
Q: Is the Forbidden City host to a wooden rollercoaster?
Q: Could Rich and Morty be triggered for children of alcoholics?
Q: Was Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone popular during the great depression?
Q: Is Garfield known for hating italian cuisine?
Q: Will Gremlins sequels tie number of Matrix sequels?
Q: Did the Paramount leader produce Titanic?
Q: Do Sweet Potatoes prevent other plants from growing in their place?
Q: is the brain located in the torso?
Q: Was the son of Tsar Nicholas a daredevil?
Q: Would a birdwatcher pursue their hobby at a Philadelphia Eagles game?
Q: Will Lhamo Thondup be considered by Catholic Church to be a saint?
Q: Did Julius Caesar read books on Pharmacology?
Q: Would John Muir not likely have a vitamin D deficiency?
Q: Are any mollusks on Chinese New Year calendar?
Q: Can a sea turtle play tennis using a tennis racket?
Q: Are all United States Aldi locations owned by the same company?
Q: Can I find my home with latitude and longitude?
Q: Would a recruit for the United States Marine Corps be turned away for self harm?
Q: Is there radiation where Nikola Tesla once worked?
Q: When en route from China to France, must pilots know their altitude in the imperial foot?
Q: Do most college students own a fax machine?
Q: Is the kayak a traditional boat in New Zealand?
Q: Were all of Heracles's children present for his funeral pyre?
Q: Is Miami a city on the American West Coast?
Q: Is watermelon safe for people with a tricarboxylic acid allergy?
Q: Are eagles and young bears both used as labels for skills-training youth groups?
Q: Would Dante have hypothetically placed Nostradamus in 3rd Circle of Hell?
Q: Is cycling a high-risk activity for pelvis fractures?
Q: Would Emma Roberts's Nancy Drew be considered a private investigator?
Q: Can Viper Room concert hypothetically be held at National Diet building?
Q: Is Rosemary outclassed as plant found in most song titles?
Q: Could Saint Peter watch television?
Q: Can you buy a fair trade laptop?
Q: Is white light the absence of color?
Q: Can dessert be made with vegetables?
Q: Were Beauty and the Beast adaptations devoid of Kurt Sutter collaborators?
Q: Can a snake swallow an M60 Patton?
Q: Does Robert Downey Jr's Marvel Cinematic Universe character survive the Infinity War?
Q: Can French Toast hypothetically kill a Lannister?
Q: Is the E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial Atari Landfill story an urban legend?
Q: Has Aretha Franklin ever collaborated with a suicidal person?
Q: Are Christmas trees typically deciduous?
Q: Does Super Mario require electricity to play?
Q: Does a bumblebee have to worry about spider veins?
Q: Are raw carrots better for maximizing vitamin A intake?
Q: Is it common to see frost during some college commencements?
Q: Are queen bees unnecessary for growing apples?
Q: Did Martin Luther believe in Satan?
Q: Can a ten-pin bowling pin be a deadly weapon?
Q: Does Rahul Dravid belong to the family Gryllidae?
Q: Would Columbus have discovered Durian trees during his 1492 expedition?
Q: Is growing seedless cucumber good for a gardener with entomophobia?
Q: Could Christopher Nolan's movies finance Cyprus's entire GDP?
Q: Do black-tailed jackrabbits fear the European wildcat?
Q: Did occupants of Vellore Fort need to defend themselves from Grizzly Bears?
Q: Did the Democratic Party's nominee for President of the U.S. in 1908 watch TV?
Q: Would Jolly Green Giant's largest monument look impressive next to Pyrenees?
Q: Was Elizabeth II the Queen during the Persian Gulf War?
Q: Is overfeeding Lactobacillus unwise for people without dental insurance?
Q: Could Jamie Brewer have attended the United States Naval Academy?
Q: Does Lupita Nyongo have citizenship in paternal Family of Barack Obama's origin country?
Q: Can you cure hepatitis with a tonsillectomy?
Q: Is an astronomer interested in drosophila?
Q: Would a student of the class of 2017 have amnesia about 9/11?
Q: Would hypothermia be a concern for a human wearing zoot suit on Triton?
Q: Would a vegan prefer a natural bongo drum over a synthetic one?
Q: Is it comfortable to wear sandals outside Esperanza Base?
Q: Did Stone Cold Steve Austin wrestle in three different centuries?
Q: Do ants outperform apes on language ability?
Q: Would Felicity Huffman vote for Mike DeWine?
Q: Is the Asian black bear multicolored?
Q: Are there options for students who struggle to understand the writing style of Othello?
Q: Is Drew Carey important to the history of wrestling?
Q: Is Atlantic cod found in a vegemite sandwich?
Q: Could R. Kelly write a college thesis?
Q: Does Sam Harris worship Shiva?
Q: Was Saint Vincent and the Grenadines named by an Italian explorer?
Q: Did Rosalind Franklin contribute to work that led to Whole Genome Sequencing?
Q: Did the Gunpowder plot eliminate Mary, Queen of Scots bloodline?
Q: Can fish get Tonsillitis?
Q: Is pig meat considered inedible within the cuisine of Hawaii?
Q: Is the Fibonacci number sequence longer than every number discovered in Pi?
Q: Was Kurt Cobain's death indirectly caused by Daniel LeFever?
Q: At a presentation about post traumatic stress disorder, would Ariana Grande be a topic of relevance?
Q: Can you fit every resident of Auburn, New York, in Tropicana Field?
Q: Did Metallica band members cutting their hair hurt their sales?
Q: Can an adult human skull hypothetically pass through the birth canal?
Q: Would someone buying crickets be likely to own pets?
Q: Should you bring your own bags to Aldi?
Q: Was historical Dracula from a town in Bucharest?
Q: Will Chuck Norris be a nonagenarian by time next leap year after 2020 happens?
Q: Do Republicans reject all forms of welfare?
Q: Were the Great Pyramids built by a theocratic government?
Q: Would Atlantic Salmon be within David Duchovny's dietary guidelines?
Q: Can Roman numerals fill the normal number of Sudoku box options?
Q: Do Armenians tend to dislike System of a Down?
Q: Would J.K Rowling's top sellers be on a fantasy shelf?
Q: Is it legal for a licensed child driving Mercedes-Benz to be employed in US?
Q: Is CAS number 8009-03-8 harmful for a rash?
Q: Would Janet Jackson avoid a dish with ham?
Q: Would a Drow tower over The Hobbit's hero?
Q: Would stargazers prefer binoculars over a telescope?
Q: Can a student from Smithtown's Cleary School understand the speech of a French person?
Q: Would a moose hypothetically be too much for a minotaur to devour whole?
Q: Does Super Mario protagonist hypothetically not need continuing education classes in Illinois?
Q: Would the Titanic be well preserved at the bottom of the Gulf of Finland?
Q: Is it normal to see a red panda in Shanghai outside of a zoo?
Q: Can Aerosmith legally drive in the carpool lane?
Q: Does the actress who played Elizabeth II speak fluent Arabic?
Q: Was Morris County named after a chief justice?
Q: Can a jet plane be made without society?
Q: Is 3D printing able to make adenovirus?
Q: Can Stone Cold Steve Austin apply his finisher to a mule deer?
Q: Does Marco Rubio have a close relationship with Allah?
Q: Is Linus Torvalds' wife unable to physically defend herself?
Q: Is Rurouni Kenshin from same country as lead character in Nobunaga's Ambition?
Q: Was Eve involved in an incestuous relationship?
Q: Are goats found on abyssal plains?
Q: Does Kenny G hold the qualifications to be a tax collector?
Q: Would food made with black salt smell of sulfur?
Q: Did Jack Dempsey ever witness Conor McGregor's fights?
Q: Is Steve Carell's character on The Office portrayed as one with tremendous leadership skills?
Q: Is eggplant deadly to most atopic individuals?
Q: Could casualties from deadliest war rival France's population?
Q: Was milliner in Alice in Wonderland (1951 film) likely in need of succimer?
Q: Is Mixed martial arts totally original from Roman Colosseum games?
Q: Were there fifty English kings throughout the Middle Ages?
Q: Can you give at least one word from the Torah to all residents of Bunkie Louisiana?
Q: Was John Gall from same city as Stanford University?
Q: Does rock star Keith Richards play a captain of a boat in a movie?
Q: Did H.G. Wells' "War of the Worlds" include cosmic rays?
Q: Can food be cooked in the cosmic microwave background?
Q: Does the Roman god Vulcan have a Greek equivalent?
Q: Would a thesis paper be unusual to assign to kindergartners?
Q: Can photography be considered abstract art?
Q: Does Buddy The Elf know anyone who works in publishing?
Q: Can the US branch of government that has power over the military also have the power to veto?
Q: Is Ludacris in same music genre as 2000's Binaural?
Q: Would an average American Public University be welcoming to Ku Klux Klan members?
Q: Do solo pianists require a conductor?
Q: Can Vice President of the United States kill with impunity?
Q: Was ethanol beneficial to Jack Kerouac's health?
Q: Does walking across Amazonas put a person's life at risk?
Q: Can you find Bob Marley's face in most smoke shops?
Q: Are there any chives hypothetically good for battling vampires?
Q: Did Switzerland support the United States in the Spanish–American War?
Q: Do sun bears stay active during winter?
Q: Was Augustus his real name?
Q: Are pirate lieutenants like navy lieutenants?
Q: Are black and white prison uniforms made to resemble a zebra?
Q: Would an actuary be confused about what prime numbers are?
Q: At midnight in Times Square on New Years Eve, are you likely to meet people in diapers?
Q: Do bald eagles nest on Mount Sharp?
Q: Did Dale Jr.'s father crash his car due to a stroke?
Q: Could the Powerpuff Girls hypothetically attend the Camden Military Academy?
Q: Did Isaac's father almost commit similar crime as Marvin Gay Sr.?
Q: Can giant pandas sell out a Metallica show?
Q: Is it unusual to eat spaghetti without a fork?
Q: At Christmastime, do some films remind us that groundhog day is approaching?
Q: Would Immanuel Kant be disgusted by the Black Lives Matter movement?
Q: Could someone have arrived at Wrestlemania X in a Toyota Prius?
Q: In star rating systems, is 5 stars considered good?
Q: Did Holy Land belong to Adamu's tribe?
Q: Do you find glutamic acid in a severed finger?
Q: Could boolean algebra be described as binary?
Q: Is it more expensive to run for President of India than to buy a new iPhone 11?
Q: Does Rupert Murdoch's alma mater have more history than the USA?
Q: Would The Dark Knight be appropriate for a preschool class?
Q: Can the Great Depression be treated with Prozac?
Q: Is Hamlet more common on IMDB than Comedy of Errors?
Q: Could Goofy have counted nine planets in his first year?
Q: Was the original James Bond actor born near the Washington Monument?
Q: Could Hurricane Harvey catch a Peregrine falcon?
Q: Has the Holy Grail been featured in at least five films?
Q: Would a pacifist be opposed to hunting?
Q: Would a hippie hypothetically be bummed out by Augustus's Pax Romana?
Q: Should you wrap a gift for a mother of a stillborn in stork wrapping paper?
Q: Could modern Brazilian Navy have hypothetically turned the tide in Battle of Actium?
Q: Would Communist Party of the Soviet Union hypothetically support Trickle Down Economics?
Q: Do movies always show nerds as the losers?
Q: Is Argon near Neon on the periodic table of elements?
Q: Could all People's Volunteer Army hypothetically be transported on Symphony of the Seas?
Q: Is Sirius part of a constellation of an animal?
Q: Would Mary, mother of Jesus have hypothetically prayed to Artemis if she was Greek?
Q: Did a Mediterranean Sea creature kill Steve Irwin?
Q: Was the sable depicted in Marvel comics anthropomorphic?
Q: Would someone in Boston not receive the Toronto Star?
Q: Is a railroad engineer needed during NASCAR events?
Q: Would Dale Earnhardt Jr. be considered a newbie?
Q: Gandalf hypothetically defeats Rincewind in a wizard battle?
Q: Would Nancy Pelosi have hypothetically been on same side as Gerald Ford?
Q: Did Mike Tyson train to use the gogoplata?
Q: Does handedness determine how you use American Sign Language?
Q: Has mummification in the Andes been prevented by rainfall?
Q: Could Oscar Wilde have operated a motor vehicle?
Q: Has Alan Greenspan lived through at least a baker's dozen of president's?
Q: Could Rhode Island sink into the Bohai Sea?
Q: Do some religions look forward to armageddon?
Q: Would it be typical for a Rede Globo anchor to say Konnichiwa to the viewers?
Q: Would Tom Cruise ever insult L. Ron Hubbard?
Q: Do guitarist's have fingers that can handle pain better than average?
Q: Did Dale Jr hug his dad after their last Daytona 500 together?
Q: Is Bern located east of Paris?
Q: Are Mayors safe from harm from the federal government?
Q: Can you buy Casio products at Petco?
Q: Does James Watson believe that Africans are inferior to Europeans?
Q: Did Clark Gable appear in any movies scored by John Williams?
Q: Has Nikola Tesla's name inspired multiple brands?
Q: Would Swiss Guard defeat the Marines?
Q: Would someone on Venus be unlikely to experience hypothermia?
Q: Is the Joker in a healthy romantic relationship?
Q: Was only woman to serve as U.S. Speaker of the House alive during the attack on Pearl Harbor?
Q: Was Jean Valjean imprisoned due to hunger?
Q: Would Emmanuel Macron celebrate Cinco de Mayo?
Q: Would moon cakes be easy to find in Chinatown, Manhattan?
Q: Would an astrologer focus on the densest terrestrial planet for a Friday horoscope?
Q: Will the Albany in Georgia reach a hundred thousand occupants before the one in New York?
Q: Can the Dalai Lama fit in a car?
Q: Does Hades have a loose grip on the Underworld?
Q: Is silicon important in California?
Q: Can Herpes simplex virus spread on Venus?
Q: Should spaghetti be slick when cooked?
Q: Have Jamie Lee Curtis been the subject of fake news?
Q: Would United States Air Force consider Return of the Jedi's Han Solo bad hypothetical candidate?
Q: Were French people involved in the American Civil War?
Q: Can lettuce result in spontaneous abortion?
Q: Would it be impossible to get to Burning Man on the Mayflower?
Q: Could common warthog be useful for scrimshaw?
Q: Can Immersion Baptism lead to a death like Jeff Buckley's?
Q: Could Maroon 5 have hypothetically held a concert at Roman Colosseum?
Q: Can a copy of The Daily Mirror sustain a campfire?
Q: Can a Bengal cat survive eating only pancakes?
Q: Does Disney own a major comic book publisher?
Q: Would Michael J Fox qualify for the Army Rangers?
Q: Would it be difficult for Kami Rita to climb Mount Emei?
Q: Should you be skeptical of a 21 year old claiming to have a doctorate?
Q: Are emus related to elks?
Q: Does Thiago Moises May 13 2020 submission move hypothetically hurt Achilles?
Q: Does New Year's Day always occur on a Wednesday?
Q: Did Richard III's father have greater longevity than him?
Q: Is Menthol associated with Thanksgiving?
Q: Was Walt Disney able to email his illustrations to people living far away?
Q: Did Demi Lovato's ancestors help turn maize into popcorn?
Q: Did origin dynasty of Go precede Jia Sidao?
Q: Do you need both hot and cold water to peel a tomato?
Q: Would a Jehovah's witness approve of Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Q: Did Saddam Hussein witness the inauguration of Donald Trump?
Q: Would a clouded leopard encounter an awake pangolin?
Q: Are the founders of Skype from Asia?
Q: Are some types of pancakes named after coins?
Q: Would a black widow woman have use for peaches?
Q: Did Thomas Greenhill's parents violate the concept of monogamy?
Q: Was John Lennon known to be a good friend to Sasha Obama?
Q: Is pi in excess of square root of 5?
Q: Can a woman on average have a baby before wheat seed blooms?
Q: Is Tony Bennett's middle name shared by a former UFC champion?
Q: Can you purchase a dish with injera at Taco Bell?
Q: Would a bodybuilder choose maize over chicken breast for dinner?
Q: Would you be more likely to die of hypothermia in New York than Florida?
Q: Did the Qwerty keyboard layout predate computers?
Q: Could eating Chinook salmon help Ryan Reynolds?
Q: Would George Fox support stoning?
Q: Is Brooklyn known for its bread products?
Q: Are quadrupeds represented on Chinese calendar?
Q: Did Melania Trump have same profession as Olga Kurylenko?
Q: Do people celebrate Earth Day with a ceremonial tire fire?
Q: Is Snickers helpful for weight loss?
Q: Is Guitar Hero Beatles inappropriate for a US third grader?
Q: Can the city of Miami fit inside Uppsala?
Q: Did Klingons appear in the movie The Last Jedi?
Q: Could a Hwasong-15 missile hypothetically reach Voyager 2?
Q: In baseball, is a "Homer" named after the poet Homer who wrote the Odyssey?
Q: If someone is a vegan, would they eat honey?
Q: Can actress Dafne Keen win the Eurovision Song Contest finals in 2020?
Q: Would the chef at Carmine's restaurant panic if there was no basil?
Q: Is calling ABBA the Swedish Beatles a preposterous claim?
Q: Does Andrew Johnson's presidential number exceed Elagabalus's Emperor number?
Q: Was The Jackson 5 bigger family band than The Isley Brothers?
Q: Can Cyril Ramaphosa become Secretary General of NATO?
Q: Does New York Harbor sit on a craton without volcanic activity?
Q: Does frost mean that it will be a snowy day?
Q: Are both founders of Ben & Jerry's still involved in the company?
Q: Is dopamine snorted nasally by drug users?
Q: Do inanimate objects come alive in Beauty and the Beast?
Q: Do any video games about the end of civilization have slot machines?
Q: Is sunscreen unhelpful for the condition that killed Bob Marley?
Q: Did Gladiator's weapon of choice require less hands than Soul Calibur's Faust?
Q: Did number of Imams Reza Shah believed in exceed number of Jesus's disciples?
Q: Did any cultures associate celery with death?
Q: Did Sony definitively win the video game war against Sega?
Q: Would Marvel's Gateway be envious of the Doctor (Doctor Who)'s TARDIS machine?
Q: Was the Parc des Princes fully operational during June of 2020?
Q: Was Raphael's paintings influenced by the country of Guam?
Q: Will Ahura Mazda have to look down to see Abaddon's dwelling??
Q: Was Nikola Tesla's home country involved in the American Civil War?
Q: Can printing books in kanji instead of the Roman alphabet save trees?
Q: Are you likely to find a crucifix in Karachi?
Q: Do skeletons have hair?
Q: Was Michael Crichton ever in danger of flunking out of Harvard as an undergraduate?
Q: Does Pikachu like Charles Darwin?
Q: Can the Swiss Guard fill the Virginia General Assembly chairs?
Q: Does Linus Torvalds make money off of DirectX?
Q: Did Malcolm X use Unicode?
Q: Does a person suffering from Thalassophobia enjoy oceanography?
Q: Could a fan of the Botany Swarm vote for John Key?
Q: Is Great Pyramid of Giza the last wonder of its kind?
Q: Are selfies more dangerous than plague in modern times?
Q: Is the Royal Air Force ensign on the moon?
Q: Would Achilles dominate Legolas in a hypothetical fight?
Q: Could a llama birth twice during War in Vietnam (1945-46)?
Q: Did Alan Turing suffer the same fate as Abraham Lincoln?
Q: Did Christopher Columbus break the fifth commandment in Christianity?
Q: If someone is lactose intolerant, do they have to avoid cream?
Q: Was proofreading Edgar Allan Poe works lucrative?
Q: Could Chuck Norris ride a horse?
Q: Did the Nepalese Civil War take place near India?
Q: Should children be kept from "special brownies"?
Q: Would the high school class of 2010 have lived through the Presidency of Richard Nixon?
Q: Is it best to avoid kola nuts with colitis?
Q: Would a house full of aloe vera hypothetically be ideal for Unsinkable Sam?
Q: Could a dichromat probably easily distinguish chlorine gas from neon gas?
Q: Can a chess board be converted to a Shogi board?
Q: Can a wheelbarrow full of starch kill hyperglycemics?
Q: Does 2015 have more unlucky Friday's than usual?
Q: Did Millard Fillmore help to establish the University of Pittsburgh?
Q: Is helium the cause of the Hindenburg explosion?
Q: WIll Noah's Ark hypothetically sail through flooded Lincoln Tunnel?
Q: Is it possible that June got its name from mythology?
Q: Does Lemon enhance the flavor of milk?
Q: Is it safe to eat hair?
Q: Do Squidward Tentacles and Alan Greenspan have different musical passions?
Q: Was the Louisiana Purchase made with bitcoin?
Q: Would a Pict be confused by Old English?
Q: Will a Holstein cow and the Liberty Bell balance out a giant scale?
Q: Will a Euro sink in water?
Q: Would Snowdon mountain be a piece of cake for Tenzing Norgay?
Q: Did Tokyo Tower designers appreciate Stephen Sauvestre?
Q: Has Justin Timberlake ever written a song about Britney Spears?
Q: Could someone in Tokyo take a taxi to the The Metropolitan Museum of Art?
Q: Could Snoopy transmit rabies?
Q: Would Jimmy Vee be eligible to compete in the Paralympic Games?
Q: Can someone from New England profit by growing coffee?
Q: Is it bad to have lactic acid in your body?
Q: Could ancient Tony Bennett have a baby in 2020?
Q: Is a Coca plant farm likely to be found in Yakutsk?
Q: Is Thanksgiving sometimes considered a day of mourning?
Q: Is clementine pith highly sought after?
Q: Would 2020 Toyota Supra lag behind at a Nascar rally?
Q: Would Harvey Milk have approved of Obama?
Q: Did Kurt Cobain's music genre survive after his death?
Q: Would the owners of the company Peter Griffin works for need barley?
Q: Is unanimously elected president's birthday a break for mail carriers?
Q: Are aggressive bumblebees suicidal?
Q: Is purchasing food for a Lolcat unnecessary?
Q: Is the Berlin University of the Arts a Baroque period relic?
Q: Did Christopher Columbus sail representing a different country than his original home?
Q: Would Michael Phelps be good at pearl hunting?
Q: Would Lord Voldemort have been barred from Hogwarts under his own rules?
Q: Do black swan cygnets typically know both of their genetic parents?
Q: Was Ariana Grande inspired by Imogen Heap?
Q: Is it difficult to conduct astrophotography in the summer in Sweden?
Q: Is it foolish to stand on giraffe's head to see over Eiffel Tower?
Q: Do you need to worry about Zika virus in Antarctica?
Q: Would a rabbi worship martyrs Ranavalona I killed?
Q: Did Donald Trump come up with the idea for the New York Harbor?
Q: Would Arnold Schwarzenegger be unable to run for President of the US?
Q: Would it be possible to fit a football field in Alcatraz Island?
Q: Did Electronic Arts profit from Metroid sales?
Q: Has Elon Musk's hairline changed?
Q: Would James Cotton's instrument be too strident for a smooth jazz band?
Q: Would somebody leave reiki with bruises?
Q: Can the largest crustacean stretch out completely on a king-sized mattress?
Q: Are there some countries where waiting staff need no tip?
Q: In geometry terms, is the Royal Observatory in Greenwich similar to a yield sign?
Q: Do frogs feel disgust?
Q: Were the Ten commandments the part of the bible that Jewish people do not believe in?
Q: Do many fans of J.K Rowling know who Alan Rickman is?
Q: Were some people afraid of New Years Day coming in 1999?
Q: Did the first Duke of Valentinois play a key role in the Hundred Years' War?
Q: Does selling a 2020 Chevrolet Corvette almost pay for a year at Columbia University?
Q: Can United States Secretary of State do crimes in U.K. without being arrested?
Q: Can you find Depala's race in World of Warcraft?
Q: Does menthol make cigarettes less addictive?
Q: Is RoboCop director from same country as Gaite Jansen?
Q: Would a Fakir be surprised if they saw a comma in their religious book?
Q: Would a sofer be a bad job for a vegan?
Q: Did Emma Stone pursue a higher education?
Q: Could the Eiffel Tower be completely submerged at the Arctic Ocean's deepest point?
Q: Has CNES planted a French flag on the lunar surface?
Q: Does the country that received the most gold medals during the 1976 Olympics still exist?
Q: Are any of J.K. Rowling's books in the genre of And Then There Were None?
Q: Was Bruce Lee absent from the 1964 University of Washington graduation ceremony?
Q: Paleography hypothetically helps to understand Cthulhu?
Q: Can I hold Bing in a basket?
Q: Did Jay-Z ever collaborate with Louis Armstrong?
Q: Were paparazzi directly responsible for the death of Amy Winehouse?
Q: Could you go to New York Public Library and the Six Flags Great Escape in the same day?
Q: Would human race go extinct without chlorophyll?
Q: Can you find Bob Marley's face in most smoke shops?
Q: Has spinach been a source of power in a comic movie?
Q: Are the brooms from curling good for using on house floors?
Q: Did the color green help Theodor Geisel become famous?
Q: Would a student in eleventh grade be unable to run for president of the United States?
Q: In Hey Arnold, did any characters stay on a porch all the time?
Q: Did the Watergate scandal help the Republican party?
Q: Would Dante Alighieri hypothetically place Rupert Murdoch in 8th Circle of Hell?
Q: Is it true that gay male couples cannot naturally reproduce?
Q: Did any of Maya Angelou's children follow in her footsteps?
Q: Can eating your weight in celery prevent diabetes?
Q: Did Rumi spend his time in a state of euphoria?
Q: Does welding with acetylene simulate the temperature of a star?
Q: Does Ronda Rousey avoid BBQ restaraunts?
Q: Is a person with St. Vitus's Dance likely to win a ballet competition?
Q: Do all of the African regions that participated in the Portugese Colonial War share an official language?
Q: Did Snoop Dogg refuse to make music with rival gang members?
Q: Did Bill Gates help to develop the PlayStation 4?
Q: Would a Nike shoebox be too small to fit a swan in?
Q: Can the Powerpuff Girls form a complete tag team wrestling match?
Q: Did the Cherokee people send a delegation to oppose allotment?
Q: Was song of Roland protagonist friendly with group that had sagas?
Q: Did Richard Wagner support the Nazis?
Q: Does a kangaroo incubate its offspring?
Q: Can you listen to the entire Itunes song catalog in one year?
Q: Can a firewall protect against a short circuit?
Q: Would Bugs Bunny harm an olive tree in the real world?
Q: Was Donald Trump the target of Islamophobia?
Q: Does a Generation Y member satisfy NYPD police officer age requirement?
Q: Are gorillas closely related to humans?
Q: Can Aerosmith fit in a 2020 Mitsubishi Outlander?
Q: Could white rice go rancid before sesame seeds?
Q: Is clerk of Supreme Court of Canada safe profession for someone with seismophobia?
Q: Did Saint Augustine use the Julian calendar?
Q: Are Christmas trees dissimilar to deciduous trees?
Q: Could a two-year old win a Scrabble tournament?
Q: Did the Coen brothers ever collaborate with the Brothers Grimm?
Q: Would a hypothetical Yeti be towered over by Andre the Giant?
Q: Are anchovies associated with Italian food?
Q: Can you find a railroad engineer on TNT?
Q: Did any country in Portuguese Colonial War share Switzerlands role in WWII?
Q: Can a carrot receive an organ transplant?
Q: Would Downton Abbey finale viewership defeat every Kazakhstan citizen in tug of war?
Q: Do people of the Iyer caste eat meat?
Q: Did Alfred Nobel write a banned book?
Q: Does Evander Holyfield eat pork products?
Q: Do drag kings take testosterone to look masculine?
Q: Has a tumulus been discovered on Mars?
Q: Was it typical to see Johnny Cash on stage in a rainbow-colored outfit?
Q: Can Clouded leopards chase down many Pronghorn antelopes?
Q: Were Jackson Pollock's parents not required to say The Pledge of Allegiance as children?
Q: Does Dean Cain have less days to birthday than Will Ferrell every 4th of July?
Q: Did Jesus go to school to study railroad engineering?
Q: Did England win any Olympic gold medals in 1800?
Q: Could an American confuse breakfast in British cuisine for dinner?
Q: Did Christopher Columbus go to Antarctica?
Q: Would it be difficult for Will Ferrell to win Empire Award for Best Newcomer?
Q: Is the Louvre in billionaire George Soros's price range?
Q: Do you need lactobacillus to make pickles?
Q: Are all Wednesdays in a year enough to read Bible 15 times?
Q: Are right wing Amreicans opposed to marxism?
Q: Is Earth Day celebrated in summer?
Q: Karachi was a part of Alexander the Great's success?
Q: Is accountant a difficult profession for a person suffering from Dyscalculia?
Q: Do people who smoke Djarum's like cloves?
Q: Is Phobos (moon) name origin similar to Roman god Pavor?
Q: Is a krabby patty similar to a cheeseburger?
Q: Does Ludacris perform classical music?
Q: Does Sockington enjoy onions?
Q: Is starving Hamas agent eating pig bad?
Q: Can a software engineer work during a power outage?
Q: Do any Islamic dominated countries have a Starbucks?
Q: Could the members of The Police perform lawful arrests?
Q: Does Steven Spielberg's 1998 film take place in a period after War Horse setting?
Q: Is Disney associated with Los Angeles County?
Q: Is the cuisine of Hawaii suitable for a vegan?
Q: Is Nine Inch Nails's lead singer associated with David Lynch?
Q: Will silicon wedding rings outsell bromine wedding rings?
Q: Was Amy Winehouse a fan of Star Wars: Rogue One?
Q: Did Brad Peyton need to know about seismology?
Q: Would Robert Stack have been interested in Tower of London during 1400s for his 14 season show?
Q: Were there eight humans on Noah's Ark?
Q: Do drummers need spare strings?
Q: Would Ringo Starr avoid the pot roast at a restaurant?
Q: Is Lines on the Antiquity of Microbes briefer than any haiku?
Q: Is LG Electronics located in a city with an official bird that has a purplish/blue tail?
Q: Would the crew of Apollo 15 have difficulty riding a unicycle?
Q: Is cactus fruit an important menu item for a restaurant based on Cuauhtémoc?
Q: Was Dioskourides a lapidary?
Q: Does Disney's Alice in Wonderland involve the celebration of a holiday?
Q: Are leaves from coca good for gaining weight?
Q: Was the Peak of the Andes hidden from the view of the Colossus of Rhodes?
Q: Could a hamster experience two leap years?
Q: Did Beethoven enjoy listening to EDM?
Q: Is the letter D influenced by the shape of ancient doors?
Q: Is Elijah part of a Jewish holiday?
Q: Did Kim Il-sung network on LinkedIn?
Q: Are fresh garlic cloves as easy to eat as roasted garlic cloves?
Q: Would a spider wasp be more effective than a bullet ant to stop a criminal?
Q: Does The Jungle Book contain racist subtext?
Q: Does Orange County, California require airplanes to be quiet?
Q: Does American Independence Day occur during autumn?
Q: Can Jabberwocky be considered a sonnet?
Q: Is the title of Shirley Bassey's 1971 diamond song a true statement?
Q: Can you measure a Caracal with a protractor?
Q: Would an explosion at a gunpowder storage facility result in a supersonic shock wave?
Q: Are there special traffic laws associated with funerals?
Q: Is honey associated with queens?
Q: Does conservatism repulse Blaire White?
Q: Would East India Company prefer China's modern trade?
Q: Is a Chinchilla breed of felis catus a type of rodent?
Q: Is Black Lives Matter connected with capsaicin?
Q: Is Albany, Georgia the most populous US Albany?
Q: Would John the Baptist be invited to a hypothetical cephalophore reunion in heaven?
Q: Is 2018 Ashland, Oregon population inadequate to be a hypothetical military division?
Q: Do mollymawks live where albatrosses cannot?
Q: Is most coffee produced South of the Equator?
Q: Would Eminem perform well at the International Mathematical Olympiad?
Q: Can the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change be held at the Javits Center?
Q: Would a dog easily notice ammonia?
Q: Can the Moscow Kremlin fit inside Disney Land?
Q: Are there five different single-digit Fibonacci numbers?
Q: Would Matt Damon be afraid of parachuting?
Q: Can Centurylink max internet plan upload 1000GB in a fortnight?
Q: Will Conan the Barbarian hypothetically last a short time inside of Call of Duty?
Q: Would a modern central processing unit circuit chip fit on a housekey?
Q: Can Curiosity take samples of rocks from Lacus Temporis?
Q: Is it normal for people to sing when the YMCA is mentioned?
Q: Can monkeys use QWERTY keyboards?
Q: Are some adherents to Christianity in China historic enemies of Catholic Church?
Q: Did the original lead guitarist of Metallica fail after parting from the band?
Q: Did Robert Downey Jr. possess same caliber gun as Resident Evil's Barry Burton?
Q: Is World of Warcraft heavier than a loaf of bread?
Q: Can rowing competitions take place indoors?
Q: Could you drive from New England to a Sainsbury's?
Q: Is B's place in alphabet same as Prince Harry's birth order?
Q: Would a snake have reasons to fear a honey badger?
Q: Did François Mitterrand serve under Napoleon Bonapart in the French army?
Q: Does a game engine have a fuel injector?
Q: Is dessert eaten before breakfast?
Q: Could someone listen to the entire U2 debut studio album during an episode of Peppa Pig?
Q: Is Capricorn the hypothetical zodiac sign of Satanism?
Q: Could Lil Wayne legally operate a vehicle on his own at the beginning of his career?
Q: Can crane slamdunk?
Q: Are slime lilies in a different scientific family than asparagus?
Q: Would it be very difficult for Nuno Gomes to dive to the Red Sea's deepest point?
Q: Can a prime number be represented by the number of days in a week?
Q: Does a person using tonsure have hair at the top of their scalp?
Q: Will the small intenstine break down a cotton ball?
Q: Did the Beatles write any music in the Disco genre?
Q: Was Kane (wrestler) banned from WCW  headquarters city?
Q: Was Florence a Theocracy during Italian Renaissance?
Q: Could a sloth hypothetically watch an entire episode of Scrubs underwater?
Q: Was King Kong climbing at a higher altitude than Eiffel Tower visitors?
Q: Is Christianity better for global warming than Satanism?
Q: Could amoebas have played a part in the Black Death?
Q: Did Native American tribes teach Spaniards how to cultivate maize?
Q: Are months based on the solar cycle?
Q: Is ABBA's 1970's genre still relevant today?
Q: Does Carmen Electra own a junk?
Q: Would Library of Alexandria need less shelf space than Library of Congress?
Q: Is US route 1 dominated by historically red states?
Q: Would the operating system of a Samsung Galaxy 1 sound edible?
Q: Would Sophist's have hypothetically made good lawyers?
Q: Will Al Pacino and Margaret Qualley score same amount of Bacon Number points?
Q: Could a monolingual American read Lenovo's native name?
Q: Is grief always obvious when it is being experienced?
Q: Has Billy Joel sold out Astana Arena?
Q: Is a Boeing 737 cost covered by Wonder Woman (2017 film) box office receipts?
Q: Does monster name in West African Folklore that witches send into villages set Scrabble record?
Q: Could the moon fit inside the Black Sea?
Q: Would the fastest tortoise win a race against a Chicago "L"?
Q: Is cow methane safer for environment than cars?
Q: Would a blooming onion be possible with a shallot?
Q: Can a martyr saint have been excommunicated?
Q: Can a person who knows only English read Kanji?
Q: Was Edward II crucial to England's victory at Battle of Falkirk?
Q: Do placozoa get learning disabilities?
Q: Are all twins the same gender?
Q: Does Fraktur have a sordid history?
Q: Is it normal to blow out candles during a funeral?
Q: Does bull shark bite hurt worse than crocodile bite?
Q: Would you buy bananas for tostones?
Q: Is tobacco use made to seem enjoyable in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Q: Can Harry Potter book a flight on Asiana Airlines?
Q: Would toast for a vegan have margarine instead of butter?
Q: Can Poland Spring make money in the Sahara?
Q: Are seasons of Survivor surpassed by number of Ancient Greek letters?
Q: Does Carl Linnaeus share the same final resting place as Michael Jackson?
Q: Do members of NFL teams receive infantry training?
Q: Did Methuselah live at least 800 years as long as Sarah?
Q: Is Bucharest located south of Egypt?
Q: Has a baby ever had a moustache?
Q: Can a 2019 Toyota Hilux hypothetically support weight of thirty Big John Studd clones?
Q: Can musicians become knights?
Q: Did Tony Bennett have more children than he had wives?
Q: Can chemicals in onion help create a thermonuclear bomb?
Q: Would the Ku Klux Klan welcome Opal Tometi into their group?
Q: Can a traffic collision make someone a millionaire?
Q: Did Alice's Adventures in Wonderland inspire Macbeth?
Q: Would Lord Voldemort hypothetically be an effective fighter after Final Fantasy silence is cast?
Q: Would the Who concert in international space station be audible?
Q: Did Barack Obama participate in the Reformation?
Q: Would a silicon shortage be bad for Intel's sales?
Q: Are pancakes typically prepared in a pot?
Q: Are red legs a sign of failing health in those with Anorexia Nervosa?
Q: Did the leader of Heaven's Gate consider himself a prophet?
Q: Is it safe to wear sandals in snow?
Q: Would a kaffir lime be a good ingredient for making a candle?
Q: Can 200 men end to end cover Great Pyramid of Giza's base?
Q: Could Durian cause someone's stomach to feel unwell?
Q: Did Jackson 5 members exceed number in The Osmonds?
Q: Does the Constitution of the Philippines copy text from the British constitution?
Q: Could a silverfish reach the top of the Empire State Building?
Q: Is narcissism's origin a rare place to get modern words from?
Q: Did Pablo Escobar's nickname collection outshine Robert Moses Grove's?
Q: Could Cosmic Girls play League of Legends alone?
Q: Would Goofy hypothetically enjoy Nylabone?
Q: Has type of political association Pompey had with Caesar influenced reality TV?
Q: Is there a jukebox musical about a sweet transvestite from Transexual, Transylvania?
Q: Would a crocodile survive longer in Great Salt Lake than alligator?
Q: Is electricity necessary to balance an account in Microsoft Excel?
Q: Would Richard Dawkins hypothetically refuse an offering of the Last rites?
Q: Did Jerry Seinfeld have reason to cheer in 1986?
Q: Can Tame Impala's studio band play a proper game of Hot Potato?
Q: Can atheism surpass Christianity in American black communities by 2021?
Q: Is it dangerous to consume chlorine when mixed with sodium?
Q: Would an Orthodox Presbyterian object to 1700s judge's attire?
Q: Would King Leonidas have succeeded with an army the size of Mozart's compositions?
Q: Did Mickey Mouse appear in a cartoon with Bugs Bunny in 1930?
Q: Do Star Wars fans say "beam me up" often?
Q: Would a bodybuilder enjoy wearing a cast for several weeks?
Q: Has cannabis been a big influence in rap music genre?
Q: Are Saturn's famous rings solid?
Q: Was The Great Gatsby inspired by the novel 1984?
Q: Is University of Pittsburgh easier to enter than FBI?
Q: Can Ford F-350 tow entire Yale University student body?
Q: Has Freemasonry been represented on the Moon?
Q: Would someone with leukophobia enjoy looking at the Flag of the United States?
Q: Does Julia Roberts lose the prolific acting contest in her family?
Q: Did Lionel Richie ever have dinner with Abraham Lincoln?
Q: Did University of Pittsburgh founder have great deal in common with Judith Sheindlin?
Q: Is "A Tale of Two Cities" a popular science novel?
Q: Could the Port of Baltimore handle the entire world's cargo production of ginger each year?
Q: Can parachuting amateurs ignore hurricane force winds bulletins?
Q: Was Hundred Years' War a misnomer?
Q: Can someone sell their time through the Toronto Star?
Q: Was the Joker an enemy of the Avengers?
Q: Is Canon Inc. a Kabushiki gaisha?
Q: Would Lee Sedol understand the complexities of the Sicilian Defence?
Q: Is the most expensive color in the world Blue?
Q: Was the death of Heath Ledger caused by his work on The Dark Knight?
Q: Were the Spice Girls inspired by Little Mix?
Q: Can Kit & Kaboodle hypothetically help someone past the Underworld gates?
Q: Are Leopard cats in less dire straits than Bornean Orangutan?
Q: Was Jackson Pollock straight edge?
Q: Do you need different colored pens for sudoku?
Q: Can a single honey bee sting multiple humans?
Q: Would it be unusual to see frost in September in Texas?
Q: Could an ocelot subsist on a single bee hummingbird per day?
Q: Has Don King killed more people than Charles Manson did with his own hands in 1971?
Q: If Goofy were a pet, would he need heartworm prevention?
Q: Would Recep Tayyip Erdoğan be unfamiliar with börek?
Q: Would students at Marist have to petition to get a rowing team?
Q: Are Brussels sprout particularly good for adrenal fatigue?
Q: Would Firefighters be included in a September 11th memorial?
Q: Could a delicious recipe be made with The Onion?
Q: Does Long John Silver's serve sea otter?
Q: Are Chipotle Cinnamon Pork Chops appropriate for a Seder?
Q: Would Othello be Shakespeare's play to buy Scheherazade most time with king?
Q: Is the language used in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines rooted in English?
Q: Do Do It Yourself channels online always show realistic projects?
Q: Could Amazon afford The Mona Lisa?
Q: Can you watch the Borgia's World of Wonders before Ludacris's Release Therapy finishes?
Q: Are Scottish people descended from Mary, Queen of Scots part French?
Q: Would kaffir lime be good in a White Russian?
Q: Can 1980 United States presidential election result be considered a photo finish?
Q: While viewing "Scary Movie" is the viewer likely to experience an increase in adrenaline?
Q: Could the Pope be on an episode of Pimp My Ride?
Q: Did Heracles famous labors exceed a baker's dozen?
Q: Could a student at the University of Houston see a caracal on campus?
Q: Will a 2 Euro coin float across the Red Sea?
Q: Is material from an aloe plant sometimes enclosed in petroleum-derived products?
Q: Would Şerafeddin Sabuncuoğlu have eaten Börek?
Q: Is the name of a mythical creature also the name of a Small Solar System body?
Q: Would an art dealer prize a print of a Van Goh?
Q: Is a Cassowary safer pet than a crane?
Q: Were there footprints on the moon in 1960?
Q: Is Lord Voldemort associated with a staff member of Durmstrang?
Q: Will electric car struggle to finish Daytona 500?
Q: Would an oil painter avoid reds from scale insects that live on a cactus?
Q: Does having lip piercings lead to more expensive dental bills?
Q: Did Cleopatra have ethnicity closer to Egyptians than Greeks?
Q: Could the endowment of Johns Hopkins University pay off the MBTA debt?
Q: Do German Shepherds worry about the Abitur?
Q: Did Holy Saturday 2019 have special significance to pot smokers?
Q: Would someone on antidepressants need to be cautious of some citrus fruits?
Q: Can Arnold Schwarzenegger deadlift an adult Black rhinoceros?
Q: Is the referee at a soccer match highly visible against the field?
Q: Would Jason Voorhees hypothetically fail at being a martyr?
Q: Would Franz Ferdinand have survived with armadillo armor?
Q: Would Seroquel be the first treatment recommended by a doctor to someone with depression?
Q: Will the producer of Easy Rider become an octogenarian in 2021?
Q: Does the name C-SPAN refer to a form of telecommunications that utilizes outer space?
Q: Is there historic graffiti on Alcatraz?
Q: Was Robert Downey Jr. a good role model as a young man?
Q: Would Jesus understand the Easter Bunny?
Q: Can a false pope become a saint?
Q: Will Communion be denied to Wednesday name origin followers?
Q: Did U2 play a concert at the Polo Grounds?
Q: Could Steven Spielberg send emails as a child?
Q: Would Jacques Duèze have been friends with Richard Dawkins?
Q: Is art prioritized in the US education system?
Q: Did Boris Yeltsin watch the 2008 Summer Olympics?
Q: Is Europa linked to Viennese waltzes?
Q: Would a member of the United States Air Force get a discount at Dunkin Donuts?
Q: Could all the unemployed people due to 1933 Great Depression fit in Tiger Stadium?
Q: Does Darth Vader's character resemble Severus Snape?
Q: Can children be soldiers in the US Army?
Q: Is Fiat Chrysler associated with Japanese cars?
Q: Are twinkies considered artisan made products?
Q: Is it possible to binge entire EastEnders series without water?
Q: Is a fairy more prevalent in world myths than a valkyrie?
Q: Have jokes killed more people than rats in history?
Q: Would Benito Mussolini hypothetically play well in the NBA?
Q: Does Snoopy look like Chance from Homeward Bound?
Q: Do mail carriers need multiple uniforms?
Q: Did Rahul Dravid ever kick a field goal?
Q: Is Bern a poor choice for a xenophobic Swiss citizen to live?
Q: Is number of stars in Milky Way at least ten times earth's population?
Q: Did Columbus obtain his funding from the rulers of the Portugese Empire?
Q: Is the tongue part of a creature's head?
Q: Would Carmine's kitchen staff be panicked if they had no olive oil?
Q: Do human sacrums have more fused vertebrae than an Alaskan Malamute?
Q: Could you read The Atlantic magazine during the Games of the XXII Olympiad?
Q: Does Princess Peach's dress resemble a peach fruit?
Q: Can a Goblin shark hypothetically ride a bike if it had limbs?
Q: Was Mark Twain a struggling inventor?
Q: Can an adult male stand on top Donatello's bronze David and touch the Sistine Chapel ceiling?
Q: Was Los Angeles Memorial Sports Arena hypothetically inadequate for hosting Coachella?
Q: Are some Do It Yourself projects potentially lethal?
Q: Are potatoes native to the European continent?
Q: Would a Wolverine and a Lynx be hard to tell apart?
Q: Does Hanuman have some of the same duties as Athena?
Q: Can paresthesia be caused by a white pigment?
Q: Is nickel a better payout than mercury if given a dollar per atomic number?
Q: Is an espresso likely to assuage fear?
Q: Could Brooke Shields succeed at University of Pennsylvania?
Q: Would Donald Duck be allowed into most grocery stores?
Q: If someone loves buffalo wings do they enjoy capsaicin?
Q: Would a hedgehog avoid animals without a spinal cord?
Q: Hypothetically, will an African elephant be crushed by Hulk on its back?
Q: Did Larry King sign the Magna Carta?
Q: Are Donkeys part of Christmas celebrations?
Q: Should oysters be avoided by people with ADHD?
Q: Would Modafinil be effective in completing a suicide?
Q: Can voice actors for Goofy and Bugs Bunny each get one stripe from American flag?
Q: Was Oscar Wilde's treatment under the law be considered fair in the US now?
Q: Will more people go in and out of Taco Bell than a Roy Rogers each year?
Q: Does the United States Secretary of State answer the phones for the White House?
Q: Would a Catholic priest commend someone's pride?
Q: Have any murderers outlasted Kane's Royal Rumble record?
Q: Does someone from Japan need a passport to go to a Nordic country?
Q: Does the swastika have positive uses?
Q: Can a sniper shoot a fish past Bathypelagic Zone in ocean?
Q: Would half muggle wizards fear Lord Voldemort?
Q: Can you chew argon?
Q: Can a snake wear a snowshoe?
Q: Does Alec Baldwin have more children than Clint Eastwood?
Q: Would the author of Little Women have remembered the ratification of the 13th Amendment?
Q: Can you transport a coin along a sea of mercury?
Q: Could a bee hummingbird balance a scale with a single pea on it?
Q: Would a Superbowl Football Game be crowded on the Gettysburg Battlefield?
Q: Does Santa Claus hypothetically give Joffrey Baratheon presents?
Q: Did Alan Rickman have an improperly functioning organ?
Q: Did Karl Marx influence the communist party of China?
Q: Are there winged statuettes in the home of the creator of Law & Order?
Q: Can Family of Barack Obama ride comfortably in 2020 Jaguar F Type?
Q: Did goddess Friday is named after despise felines?
Q: Do moths that live on sloths have family dinners?
Q: Has Drew Carey outshined Doug Davidson's tenure?
Q: Would an expensive tailor use adhesive to create a shorter hem on slacks?
Q: Was Alaska part of the Northern Army during the Civil War?
Q: Has Oscar Wilde's most famous character ever been in an Eva Green project?
Q: Has Cesar Millan ever tamed a short-eared dog?
Q: Is Lionel Richie related to Sheila E?
Q: Do members of the Supreme Court of the United States have longer terms than most senators?
Q: Would vegans consider chickpeas for a tuna substitute?
Q: Would a cauliflower farmer prosper at a latitude of 75° N?
Q: Is winter solstice in Northern Hemisphere closer to July than in Southern Hemisphere?
Q: Did Donatello use a smartphone?
Q: On August 20, 2020,  does The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon air after moonset EST?
Q: Has the Indian Ocean garbage patch not completed two full rotations of debris since its discovery?
Q: While on a liquid diet, are there some types of soup you cannot eat?
Q: Did the Wehrmacht affect the outcome of the War to End All Wars?
Q: Did the confederate states speak Old English before the Civil War?
Q: Did DARPA influence Albert Einstein?
Q: Would a Rockette look odd with a moustache?
Q: Do people with DID have a good memory?
Q: Would a slingshot be improperly classified as artillery?
Q: Would 1943-S penny be good for making silverware?
Q: Did Lamarck and Darwin agree about the origin of species diversity?
Q: Would Jackie Chan have trouble communicating with a deaf person?
Q: Did Woodrow Wilson consider Blacks to be equal members of society?
Q: Can Lamborghini's fastest model win a race against a Porsche 911?
Q: Could a cow produce Harvey Milk?
Q: Did Rand Paul frequently swim in Lake Michigan during his undergraduate years?
Q: Is Jennifer Lawrence's middle name similar to the name of a Scorsese collaborator?
Q: Is Bill Gates the wealthiest of the Baby Boomers?
Q: Does Hammurabi's Code violate Christians Golden Rule?
Q: Did Disney get most of Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book profits?
Q: Would fans of Jonathan Larson be unaware of HIV?
Q: Would it be unusual to use paypal for drug deals?
Q: Did Paul the Apostle's cause of death violate the tenets of Ahimsa?
Q: Can a Muslim eat a McRib sandwich?
Q: Would lumberjacks get full after eating three dosa?
Q: Would an aerodynamic cactus benefit from more frequently closed stomata?
Q: Can a human eat an entire 12-lb roast turkey in an hour?
Q: Are Brian Cranston and Saoirse Ronan's combined Emmy Awards a prime number?
Q: Do pediatricians perform abortions?
Q: Can the President of Mexico vote in New Mexico primaries?
Q: Would you have to wear a coat when on Phobos?
Q: Could a firewall be destroyed by a hammer?
Q: Do some home remedies result in your skin color turning blue?
Q: Has Ivan the Terrible flown to Europe?
Q: Would Gomer Pyle salute a lieutenant?
Q: Have the Israelis played the Hammerstein Ballroom?
Q: Would Republic of Korea Navy dominate Eritrea navy?
Q: Would you take a photo of a Saltwater crocodile in Memphis?
Q: Are LinkedIn and LeafedIn related companies?
Q: Do sand cats avoid eating all of the prey of eels?
Q: Did John Kerry run in the 2010 United Kingdom general election?
Q: Do spider wasps have eight legs?
Q: Would most children be up past their bedtime if they were watching Conan O'Brien?
Q: Are fossil fuels reducing jobs in the Gulf of Mexico?
Q: Will bumblebees derail the United States presidential election?
Q: Would an uninsured person be more likely than an insured person to decline a CT scan?
Q: Did Al-Farabi ever meet Mohammed?
Q: Is it safe to share silverware with an HIV positive person?
Q: If you're reducing salt intake, are olives a healthy snack?
Q: Is groundhog day used as a global season indicator?
Q: Will Futurama surpass the number of episodes of The Simpsons by the end of 2020?
Q: Would E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial alien hypothetically love Friendly's?
Q: Can the majority of vowels be typed on the first line of a QWERTY keyboard?
Q: Is Christmas celebrated during winter?
Q: Has a neanderthal ever served on the Supreme Court of the United States?
Q: Does autopilot rely on fossil fuels?
Q: Would an environmentalist advocate for preventing domestic canine reproduction?
Q: Was the man who played the male lead in Mrs. Doubtfire known for his humour?
Q: Could two newborn American Black Bear cubs fit on a king size bed?
Q: Can second row of QWERTY keyboard spell Abdastartus's kingdom?
Q: Is Christopher Nolan indebted to Bob Kane?
Q: Did Alfred Hitchcock include internet slang in his films?
Q: Can Billie Eilish afford a Porsche?
Q: Is a jellyfish safe from atherosclerosis?
Q: Would a pear sink in water?
Q: Would most grand masters know what the French Defense is?
Q: Is it normally unnecessary to wear a coat in Hollywood in July?
Q: Did Moon Jae-in earn the Abitur as a teenager?
Q: Will you see peach blossoms and Andromeda at the same time?
Q: Is a paraplegic suitable for conducting an orchestra?
Q: Do flying fish have good eyesight?
Q: Did compact discs make computer gaming more popular?
Q: Was Great Recession the period of severest unemployment?
Q: Does horseradish have a fetlock?
Q: Are there bones in an anchovy pizza?
Q: Would it be unusual to find a yellow perch in the Red Sea?
Q: Did Richard III know his grandson?
Q: Is there a warthog on Broadway?
Q: Can Africanized bees be considered multicultural?
Q: Could Scooby Doo fit in a kangaroo pouch?
Q: Has every astronaut survived their space journey?
Q: Were any of despised Pope Alexander VI's descendants canonized?
Q: Could all of the 2008 Summer Olympics women find a hookup athlete partner?
Q: Are all cucumbers the same texture?
Q: Is All Purpose Flour safe for someone who has celiac disease?
Q: Would an owl monkey enjoy a strawberry?
Q: Does the United States of America touch the Indian Ocean?
Q: Did the founders of the biggest city in Orange County, California speak Italian?
Q: Was Saudi Aramco started due to an assassination?
Q: Do suburbs encourage the use of cars?
Q: Can The Hobbit be read in its entirety in four minutes?
Q: Can whole genome sequencing be used for COVID-19?
Q: Can the Persian Gulf fit in New Jersey?
Q: Are the Vietnamese people a great untapped resource for NBA players?
Q: Will a celibate cleric likely suffer a stoning in Somalia?
Q: Did Marco Polo travel with Christopher Columbus?
Q: Could you make the kitchen 'holy trinity' without celery?
Q: Is Dustin Hoffman one of the B'nei Yisrael?
Q: Is metal a type of folk music?
Q: If you have a serious injury in Bangladesh, would you probably dial a Fibonacci number?
Q: Are goldfish more difficult to care for than isopods?
Q: Does the JPEG acronym stand for a joint committee?
Q: Would Hapshetsut be considered a monarch?
Q: Is Britney Spears' breakdown attributed to bipolar disorder?
Q: Did Dr. Seuss live a tragedy free life?
Q: Was  Godfrey of Bouillon an Islamaphobe?
Q: Lil Wayne similar real name rapper has over quadruple Wayne's Grammy awards?
Q: Is Pan a symbol of virtue and virginity in women?
Q: Hydrogen's atomic number squared exceeds number of Spice Girls?
Q: Does a Starbucks passion tea have ginger in it?
Q: Is nickel dominant material in US 2020 nickels?
Q: Is Freya a combination of Athena and Aphrodite?
Q: Did Hanuman ever experience an orgasm?
Q: Can you swim to Miami from New York?
Q: Can an emu chase a bogan?
Q: Is there a popular Disney character made from living ice?
Q: Could Moulin Rouge have been hypothetically used as Spain's Spanish American War triage center?
Q: Can a microwave melt a Toyota Prius battery?
Q: Does Amtrak operate four wheel vehicles?
Q: Is it impossible for Cheb Mami to win a Pulitzer Prize for musical composition?
Q: Is Nine Inch Nails a good guest for students in earliest grade to take Iowa tests?
Q: Does Jerry Seinfeld hang out at the Budweiser Party Deck?
Q: Is the span in C-SPAN named after Alan Greenspan?
Q: Could an elephant easily defeat a male macaque?
Q: Is the Yellow Pages the fastest way to find a phone number?
Q: Can Amtrak's Acela Express break the sound barrier?
Q: Is the Muslim world hostile to Israel?
Q: Is San Diego County the home of a Shamu?
Q: Could a Bengal cat hypothetically best Javier Sotomayor's record?
Q: Was Krishna skilled at using the bow?
Q: Does butter industry survive cow extinction?
Q: Will AC/DC album sales buy more B-52 bombers than Lil Wayne's?
Q: Would a Germaphobia be able to participate in Judo?
Q: Was the Mentalist filmed in black and white?
Q: Does the land in close proximity to beaver dams suffer?
Q: Was dynamite used during Middle Ages warfare?
Q: Are System of a Down opposed to globalization?
Q: Do you need a large room if you want to get into 3D printing?
Q: Does a giant green lady stand in New York Harbor?
Q: Are Tom and Jerry featured in a ride at Disneyland?
Q: Can any person with a driver's license work in transport of aviation fuel?
Q: Was Florence Nightingale's death more painful than Saint Peter's?
Q: Can a grey seal swim in the same water as the subject of Moby Dick?
Q: Can the theory of cultural hegemony explain global warming?
Q: Did polio medicine save the life of polio vaccine creator?
Q: Was Amazon involved in the lunar landing?
Q: Were number of states in Ancient Greece underwhelming compared to US states in 1900?
Q: Are all students guaranteed lunch at school in the US?
Q: Is the rise of agriculture attributed to rivers?
Q: Does the anatomy of a camel lend itself to jokes on Wednesdays?
Q: Does Disney have an ice princess?
Q: Does Abdulqawi Yusuf go to the Hague on a typical work day?
Q: Is pickled cucumber ever red?
Q: Can jackfruit be used as a weapon?
Q: Would a honey badger fit inside an oven?
Q: Did Harry Houdini's wife make psychics look foolish?
Q: Have Douglas fir been used to fight wars?
Q: Is average number of peas in a pod enough commas for a billion?
Q: Did Elizabeth II frequently visit Queen Victoria?
Q: Can a rabbi save the soul of a Christian?
Q: Is the Flying Spaghetti Monster part of an ancient pantheon?
Q: Would a Yeti be likely to have prehensile limbs?
Q: Have any members of the 2020 British royal family allegedly committed a felony?
Q: Would it be difficult to snowboard on Venus?
Q: Is Chinese successor to Chevrolet Cruze name a town far from Milan?
Q: Can you hide a pet macaque under your desk?
Q: Would a kindergarten teacher make a lesson of the New Testament?
Q: Could all of the people who pass through 30th Street Station every day fit in Dorton Arena?
Q: Can nitric acid break the Louvre?
Q: Is Sea World hazardous to leopard seal's health?
Q: Would only warm weather attire be a good idea on Mercury?
Q: Is breakdancing safe for people with tendonitis?
Q: Can a person be diagnosed with a Great Depression?
Q: Are most books written as a Haiku?
Q: Do more Cauliflower grow in Arizona than California?
Q: In teenagers and young adults with depression, are SSRI medications less safe than they are for adults?
Q: Were karaoke and the turtle power tiller patented in the same country?
Q: Did Spiderman fight against Falcon in the MCU?
Q: Do Australians ride Kangaroos to work?
Q: Are saltwater crocodiles related to alligators?
Q: Would Glen Beck and Stephen Colbert be likely to tour together?
Q: Can children become lieutenants?
Q: Did pirates who had scurvy need more Vitamin C?
Q: Was Richard III ruler of Adelaide?
Q: Could Palm Beach be held in the palm of your hand?
Q: Did the 40th president of the United States forward lolcats to his friends?
Q: Will twenty pea pods contents cover entire chess board?
Q: Could Edward Snowden join MENSA?
Q: Will Elijah Cummings cast a vote in the 2020 presidential election?
Q: Did President William Howard Taft read DC Comics?
Q: Was the MLB World Series held in Newcastle, New South Wales?
Q: Can shooting bald eagle get a person more prison time than Michael Vick?
Q: Is it okay to lie after taking an oath in a court of law?
Q: Would a retail associate envy the retailer's CEO's pay?
Q: Can you make an MP3 from the Golden Gate Bridge?
Q: Did the population of the Warsaw Ghetto record secret police on cell phones?
Q: Can someone with dermatitis be a hand model?
Q: Did Terry Pratchett write about quantum mechanics?
Q: Did James Watson's partner in studying the double helix outlive him?
Q: Would Roman Gallic Wars army struggle to build the pyramids faster?
Q: Is a fever cured by listening to a cowbell?
Q: Is Mark Cuban able to visit Northern Mariana Islands without a passport?
Q: Is an internet connection essential for someone using Chrome OS?
Q: Did Jackie Kennedy wear Dolce & Gabbana to her husband's inauguration?
Q: Is euphoria associated with drug addiction?
Q: Did Andy Warhol influence Art Deco style?
Q: Is Bugs Bunny known for carrying a root vegetable around with him?
Q: Does Super Mario mainly focus on a man in green?
Q: Would Shaggy and Redenbacher popcorn founder both raise hand during first name roll call?
Q: Is Statue of Unity hypothetically more level with Statue of Liberty than Lighthouse of Alexandria?
Q: Is Godzilla's image likely grounds for a lawsuit in 2050?
Q: Are classic nintendo games for emulator legal?
Q: Did the Social Democratic Party of Germany help Frederick II become King of Prussia?
Q: Are pennies commonly used in Canada?
Q: Do all cancer patients get disability?
Q: Is an Eastern chipmunk likely to die before seeing two leap years?
Q: Could Darth Vader hypothetically catch the Coronavirus?
Q: Do gorillas fight with panda bears?
Q: Do seven McDonald's hamburgers exceed USDA recommended fat allowance?
Q: Is Edward Snowden in hiding from the United States?
Q: Would a physician be unlikely to recommend Reiki?
Q: Would Rime of the Ancient Mariner make a good sonnet?
Q: Should you ask a neighbor for candy on New Year's Eve?
Q: Do storks need golden toads to survive?
Q: Has the creator of Futurama lived in multiple centuries?
Q: Would a Frigatebird in Ontario be a strange sight?
Q: Are there enough Jonny Cash records in the world to give one to each French citizen?
Q: Does coding rely on Boolean algebra characters?
Q: Has Gorillaz creator been in more bands than Bernard Sumner?
Q: Could the Powepuff Girls make the background to the Azerbaijani flag?
Q: Would Jean Harris's victim have avoided lentils?
Q: Can a cheetah generate enough force to topple Big Show?
Q: Are Big Ben's bells currently rung on their normal schedule at the Palace of Westminster?
Q: Snowboarding is a rarity in Hilo?
Q: Is Islamophobia against Cyprus majority religion misdirected?
Q: Did Doctor Strange creators also make Batman?
Q: Is being 5 year Capital One Venture member more cost effective than being in Church of Satan?
Q: Would you spend less on your food at Aldi than at Whole Foods?
Q: Will The Exorcist stimulate limbic system?
Q: Do bodies movie during hanging?
Q: Would a binge watch of entire Young and the Restless take longer than a leap year?
Q: Do onions have a form that resembles the inside of a tree?
Q: Is Route 66 generally unknown to Americans?
Q: Are sables related to wolverines?
Q: Are monks forbidden from engaging in warfare?
Q: Can you hunt Iberian wolves in the Southern United States?
Q: Was the father of social security system serving in the white house during the Panic of 1907?
Q: Would a person with Anorexia nervosa be more likely to break a bone than a regular person?
Q: Tata Hexa can accomodate every Spice Girl?
Q: Are moose used for work near the kingdom of Arendelle?
Q: Was England directly involved in the Arab-Israeli conflict?
Q: Could Edward Snowden have visited the headquarters of United Nations Conference on Trade and Development?
Q: Did Julia Roberts practice blast beats as a child?
Q: Could a monarch butterfly rule a kingdom?
Q: Was Anthony Quinn more prolific at making children than J.D. Salinger?
Q: Would Phineas and Ferb enjoy winter?
Q: Would a Bengal cat be afraid of catching a fish?
Q: Would an ancient visitor to Persia probably consume crocus threads?
Q: Is latitude required to determine the coordinates of an area?
Q: Did the Pearl Harbor attack occur during autumn?
Q: Was Aristotle a member of the House of Lords?
Q: Would eliminating competition in the Japanese bulk carrier market be profitable for a steel company?
Q: Did Irish mythology inspire Washington Irving?
Q: If you're running focal fossa, are you using linux?
Q: Do most people only memorize slightly over half of their ZIP code?
Q: Can too many oranges cause diarrhea?
Q: After viewing the Mona Lisa, could you get lunch nearby on foot?
Q: Is Pearl Harbor the mythical home of a shark goddess?
Q: Does the texture of leaves remain the same independent of their coloring changing?
Q: Would a veteran of the Phillippine-American War come home craving SPAM?
Q: Do you have to pass through circle of lust to find Saladin in Dante's Inferno?
Q: Could every citizen of Samoa send a letter to a unique JPMorgan Chase employee?
Q: Did Harvey Milk ever run for governor?
Q: Do Flat Earthers doubt the existence of Earth's magnetic field?
Q: Should a finished website have lorem ipsum paragraphs?
Q: Did Van Gogh suffer from a mental disorder?
Q: Would an ethics professor teach a class on Cezanne?
Q: Are amoebas safe from breast cancer?
Q: Are any animals in Chinese calendar Chordata?
Q: Was latest Republican governor of New Jersey as of 2020 heftiest politician ever?
Q: Is Hermes equivalent to the Roman god Vulcan?
Q: Are people banned from entering the Forbidden City?
Q: Is Alan Alda old enough to have fought in the Vietnam War?
Q: Has Kelly Clarkson outsold season 4 American Idol winner?
Q: Is Home Depot a one stop shop for crucifixion supplies?
Q: Can amoebas get cancer?
Q: Does Rusev have to worry about human overpopulation in his homeland?
Q: Would a vegan eat a traditional Paella dish?
Q: Is a pound sterling valuable?
Q: Does The Hague border multiple bodies of water?
Q: Is MIX a word and a roman numeral?
Q: Were muskets used in the Pacific War?
Q: Would Iggy Pop travel with Justin Bieber?
Q: Will speed reader devour The Great Gatsby before the Raven?
Q: Does the density of helium cause voices to sound deeper?
Q: Did people in Korea under Japanese Rule watch a lot of Iron Chef?
Q: Do Jehovah's Witnesses celebrate day before New Year's Day?
Q: Could a young Wizard of Oz Scarecrow have gotten Cerebral palsy?
Q: Are blue lips normal?
Q: Do most fans follow Katy Perry for gospel music?
Q: Is August a winter month for part of the world?
Q: Is someone more likely to survive having breast cancer in Japan than in Sweden?
Q: Was King Kong (2005 film) the lead actress's biggest box office role?
Q: Does an individual oceanographer study many sciences?
Q: Will Ronda Rousey hypothetically defeat X-Men's Colossus in a fight?
Q: Is an inappropriate lullaby Love Song from November 11, 2000?
Q: Would three commas be sufficient for displaying US 2018 GDP?
Q: For Hostas to look their best, do they need lots of chlorophyll?
Q: Is Morocco an ideal location for water skiing?
Q: Did travelers sing sea shanties on the Oregon Trail?
Q: Would an eleventh-grader be eligible for Medicare?
Q: Would a lullaby be enough to wake Hellen Keller up?
Q: Would nickel boil in the outer core of the earth?
Q: Did J. Edgar Hoover take his calls in Langley, Virginia?
Q: Is breast cancer associated with a ribbon?
Q: Would Eye surgery on a fly be in vain?
Q: Was King Arthur at the beheading of Anne Boleyn?
Q: Is The Invisible Man more prevalent in films than Picnic at Hanging Rock?
Q: Is strep throat harmless to singer Rita Ora after her 2020 tonsilitis surgery?
Q: Can the Department of Defense perform a solo?
Q: Has Johns Hopkins University always treated subjects ethically?
Q: Will a rock float in the atmosphere of Earth?
Q: Would Paul Bunyan hypothetically be a poor choice for an urban planner?
Q: Are hippos dangerous to humans?
Q: Were the first missionaries required to attend mass on Sundays?
Q: Would a viewer of Monday Night Football be able to catch WWE Raw during commercial breaks?
Q: In the world of Harry Potter, would a snake and skull tattoo be good luck?
Q: Is there any absolute way to prevent abortion?
Q: Was Mesopotamia part of what is now China?
Q: Can numerologists become members of Royal Society?
Q: Would Eric Clapton's mother hypothetically be unable to legally purchase cigarettes in the USA at his birth?
Q: Could the Toyota Stadium sit a tenth of the population of Gotheburg?
Q: Is it possible for biologist Rachel Carson to have flown to the moon?
Q: Is sound barrier too much for Audi R8 V-10 Plus to break?
Q: Does parsley sink in milk?
Q: Is it safe to use Ammonia with Clorox?
Q: Would the number 666 appear in a church?
Q: Did Queen Elizabeth The Queen Mother and her daughter share name with Tudor queen?
Q: Can you see the Statue of Freedom from the Statue of Liberty?
Q: Is double duty an incorrect phrase for host of Dancing With The Stars?
Q: Is a construction worker required to build a portfolio?
Q: Is shrimp prevalent in Ethiopian cuisine?
Q: Does Magnus Carlsen enjoy KFC?
Q: Was Dorothea Wendling from same place Porsche originated?
Q: Do urban legends always have to occur in cities?
Q: Can a Liebherr LTM 11200-9.1 hypothetically lift Mount Emei?
Q: Is the tibia required for floor exercises?
Q: Would 2019 Natalie Portman avoid a Snickers bar due to her diet?
Q: Is xenophobia hypothetically unimportant between Saladin and Ali Askari?
Q: Is the largest city in New Mexico also known as Yootó?
Q: Does Canada have a relationship with a monarch?
Q: Does Zelda Williams have any cousins on her father's side?
Q: Is it dark is Basel during the day in Los Angeles?
Q: Is Steve Martin someone who would refuse a dish of shrimp pasta?
Q: Can you transport a primate in a backpack?
Q: Would it be impossible to use an Iwato scale for a twelve-tone technique composition?
Q: Does Nicole Kidman despise Roman Josi?
Q: Would someone with back pain enjoy picking strawberries?
Q: Is it impossible for pigs to use pig latin?
Q: Is Olympia, Washington part of "Ish river country"?
Q: Is viscosity unimportant in making jello shots?
Q: If you bottle your own milk, would there be cream on top of it?
Q: Would a sesame seed be mistaken for a wood frog egg?
Q: Could you watch all of JAG in six months?
Q: Can the history of art be learned by an amoeba?
Q: Is the Sea of Japan landlocked within Japan?
Q: Could SNL be why Jenny McCarthy does not get along with her cousin?
Q: Do carpenters understand geometry?
Q: Were there under 150,000 American troops in Vietnam in 1965?
Q: Are paratroopers good at mountain rescue?
Q: In a hypothetical race between a Swallow and an American Woodcock, would the Swallow win?
Q: Do citizens of Cheshire sing La Marseillaise?
Q: Would a Monoamine Oxidase candy bar cheer up a depressed friend?
Q: Does Neville Longbottom have more courage as a child than as an adult?
Q: Can I ski in Steamboat Springs, Colorado in August?
Q: Was John George Bice's birthplace near Cornwall?
Q: Was story of Jesus inspired by Egyptian myth?
Q: Are ground bell peppers the main ingredient of black pepper?
Q: Is Jack Black unlikely to compete with Bear McCreary for an award?
Q: Would a stool be useful for a Lusotitan to reach the top of an almond tree?
Q: Could Christopher Nolan borrow pants from Danny Devito?
Q: Did the Wall Street Crash of 1929 hurt the stocks of robotics companies?
Q: In American society, will a bachelor's degree often include a leap year?
Q: Are Aldi's foods discounted due to being out of date?
Q: Can a dolphin keep a diary?
Q: Should someone prone to jealousy be in a polyamorous relationship?
Q: Will Donald Duck hypothetically purchase bell-bottoms for himself?
Q: Was a woman Prime Minister directly before or after Stanley Baldwin?
Q: Is Central Park Zoo located on an island?
Q: Can binary numbers and standard alphabet satisfy criteria for a strong password?
Q: Is an ocelot a good present for a kindergartener?
Q: Did Dr. Seuss make himself famous?
Q: Is there a Harry Potter character named after Florence?
Q: Did Jack Dempsey have most title fight wins in either of his weight classes?
Q: Can a Toyota Supra make a vlog?
Q: Was Walt Disney ever interviewed by Anderson Cooper?
Q: Was Woodrow Wilson sandwiched between two presidents from the opposing party?
Q: Does Oprah Winfrey have a degree from an Ivy League university?
Q: Does Iphone have more iterations than Samsung Galaxy?
Q: Can oysters be used in guitar manufacturing?
Q: Did Bruiser Brody wrestle on WWE Raw?
Q: Are chinchillas cold-blooded?
Q: Can a cell fit inside of a shoebox?
Q: Was Alexander the Great baptized?
Q: Would Amy Winehouse's death have been prevented with Narcan?
Q: Is the foot part of the metric system?
Q: Could Eddie Hall hypothetically deadlift the world's largest cheeseburger?
Q: Would Robert Wadlow tower over a German Shepherd?
Q: Does the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom have poor job security?
Q: Can you substitute the pins in a bowling alley lane with Dustin Hoffman's Oscars?
Q: Are there mental disorders you can hide?
Q: Can a greyhound walk on two legs?
Q: Were mollusks an ingredient in the color purple?
Q: Do you need to schedule separate preventive healthcare and sickness visits?
Q: Would Carrie Poppy be likely to trust a psychic?
Q: Do you often hear Marco Polo's name shouted near water?
Q: Is the Jurassic era a tourist destination?
Q: Are there Pink music videos that are triggering for eating disorder patients?
Q: Are Sable's a good choice of Mustelidae to weigh down a scale?
Q: Is the saltwater crocodile less endangered than the European otter?
Q: Was Harry Potter a better investment than The Matrix for Warner Bros.?
Q: Did J. D. Salinger ever ask his father for a quinceañera?
Q: Is a watchmaker likely to be able to fix an Apple Watch?
Q: Does a Trek 9000 require an anchor in order to park?
Q: Can an asteroid be linked with virginity?
Q: Does Metallica use Soulseek?
Q: Does Post Malone have a fear of needles?
Q: Would a jumping spider need over half a dozen contact lenses?
Q: Could someone with fine motor control issues benefit from an altered keyboard layout?
Q: Will a person survive a fever of NY's highest recorded temperature?
Q: Would a compact disc melt in magma?
Q: Do people with mood disorders need permanent institutionalization?
Q: Is the average bulk carrier ideal for transporting bromine at room temperature?
Q: Are a dozen pickles good for easing hypertension?
Q: Can you worship Ahura Mazda at a mosque?
Q: Would menu at Chinese Starbucks be familiar to an American?
Q: Are birds important to badminton?
Q: Does Southwest Airlines use bulk carriers?
Q: Can an American black bear swallow a sun bear whole?
Q: Do American wheelchair users know what the ADA is?
Q: Would the yearly precipitation on Snowdon submerge an upright bowling pin?
Q: Can a snow leopard swim?
Q: Would a honey badger's dentures be different from a wolverine's?
Q: Would Iris (mythology) and Hermes hypothetically struggle at a UPS job?
Q: Is the BBC World Service hosted in Europe?
Q: Would Statue of Liberty be visible if submerged in Bohai Sea?
Q: Is it wise to feed a Snickers bar to a poodle?
Q: Can a Kia Rio fit inside the Oval Office?
Q: Could the leader of Heaven's Gate save images in JPEG format?
Q: Do depressed people travel to the Golden Gate Bridge often?
Q: Could ABBA play a mixed doubles tennis game against each other?
Q: Would Avengers Comics be out of place in a DC Comics store?
Q: Can cancer cause excess adrenaline production?
Q: Is Snow White an example of good consent?
Q: Can you carry a Chrysler in a laptop bag?
Q: Did Queen Elizabeth I read the works of Jean-Paul Sartre?
Q: Can a snow leopard eat twice its own body weight?
Q: Would someone in Mumbai refer to Solanum melongena as an eggplant?
Q: Are Naruhito's ancestors the focus of Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
Q: Does Woody Allen await the Second Coming?
Q: Will Elijah Cummings vote for Joe Biden in the next presidential elections?
Q: Would a German Shepherd be welcome in an airport?
Q: Are cucumbers often found in desert?
Q: Can you go water skiing on Venus?
Q: Do beeswax alternatives to cling wrap use plsatic?
Q: Does Ukrainian Greek Catholic Church recognize Alexander Nevsky as a saint?
Q: Can bottlenose dolphins hypothetically outbreed human women?
Q: Did any killer Manson band members were named for exceed Charles Manson's kills?
Q: Will every resident of Los Angeles County, California go to Jehovah Witnesses's heaven?
Q: Would Bruce Gandy be an odd choice for Messiah (Handel)?
Q: Does table tennis use prime numbers?
Q: Would Jon Brower Minnoch break a chair before Voyager 2 launch mass?
Q: Can paratroopers be used in a vacuum?
Q: NATO doesn't recognize double triangle flag countries?
Q: Can a lemon aggravate dyspepsia?
Q: Would Mount Wycheproof be a breeze for Edmund Hillary?
Q: Do people put creatures from the Black Sea on their pizza?
Q: Was the amount of spinach Popeye ate unhealthy?
Q: Do people remember Lucille Ball's winemaking as successful?
Q: Does a person need to be a parent to become a grandparent?
Q: Would a Durian be dangerous if it fell on your head?
Q: Is jalapeno heat outclassed by Bhut jolokia?
Q: Would a Gray Whale fit easily in an above ground pool?
Q: Do Chinese Americans face discrimination at a Federal level in the US?
Q: Was Moliere Queen Margot's ill fated lover?
Q: Are all the elements plants need for photosynthesis present in atmosphere of Mars?
Q: Can a Reconstruction era coin buy DJI Mavic Pro Drone?
Q: Would the average Hawaiian male experience more days on Earth compared to a wild cane toad?
Q: Is the Hobbit more profitable for proofreader than Constitution of the United States?
Q: Was Lorenzo de Medici's patronage of Da Vinci exclusive?
Q: Is Cholera alive?
Q: Did any of religions in which Himalayas are sacred originate in 19th century?
Q: Was Land of Israel in possession of an Islamic empire in 16th century?
Q: Can a minor replicate the double-slit experiment?
Q: Does water have viscosity?
Q: Are pancakes a bad snack for cats?
Q: Is the use of the word Gypsy by non-Romani people considered okay?
Q: Did King James I despise fairy beings?
Q: Will Tokyo Tower be repainted only once during President Trump's first term?
Q: Would it be common to find a penguin in Miami?
Q: Would characters in Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone be persecuted as pagans?
Q: Is eleventh grade required to get a driver's licence?
Q: Would Saddam Hussein hypothetically choose Saladin as ally over Idris I?
Q: Does ancient Olympics crown fail to hide tonsure?
Q: Could the Dominican Order hypothetically defeat Blessed Gerard's order?
Q: Could Eddie Murphy's children hypothetically fill a basketball court by themselves?
Q: Could JPMorgan Chase give every American $10?
Q: Did villain that killed Superman murder Robin?
Q: Did the iPhone usher in the scientific revolution?
Q: Is Antarctica a good location for Groundhog Day?
Q: Is capturing giant squid in natural habitat impossible with no gear?
Q: Did Moon Jae-in's residence exist when the World Trade Center was completed?
Q: Does Ariana Grande's signature style combine comfort items and high fashion?
Q: Could a Diwali celebration feature a crustacean?
Q: Can a honey bee sting a human more than once?
Q: Did George W. Bush grow up speaking Cantonese?
Q: Did the Football War last at least a month?
Q: Can you purchase General Motors products at a movie theater?
Q: Are all characters in Legend of Robin Hood fictional?
Q: Is Olivia Newton-John hyphenated celebrity name with most letters?
Q: Is Glycol something United Airlines would buy?
Q: Could someone in the Canary Islands fish for largemouth bass?
Q: Would ramen be bad for someone with heart failure?
Q: Could Aretha Franklin vote for a president when her second child was born?
Q: Can someone in Uberlandia work for Mitsubishi?
Q: Would Stephen King fans be likely to own an image of a clown?
Q: Is Cape Town south of the Equator?
Q: Can a human heart last from NYC to Raleigh NC by Toyota Hiux?
Q: Could the Austrian casualties from Seven Years' War fit in Indianapolis Motor Speedway?
Q: Could Plato have agreed with the beliefs of Jainism?
Q: Could Eddie Murphy dial 911 in a car as a young child?
Q: If a baby was born on Halloween would they be a Scorpio?
Q: Was Rumi's work serialized in a magazine?
Q: Will 2020 elephant pregnancy last past next year with 4 solar eclipses?
Q: Could a snowy owl survive in the Sonoran?
Q: Did Cynthia Powell celebrate a silver anniversary with John Lennon?
Q: Was The Little Prince's titular character allergic to flowers?
Q: Is lunch on the beach a good activity to spot the full circle of a rainbow?
Q: Does Snoop Dogg advocate a straight edge lifestyle?
Q: As of 2020 have more women succeeded John Key than preceded him?
Q: Was the original Metroid groundbreaking for its polygons?
Q: Is there a full Neptunian orbit between the first two burials of women in the Panthéon?
Q: Is Casio's founding year a composite number?
Q: Would a pescatarian be unable to eat anchovy pizza?
Q: Is British Airways the air force of the United Kingdom?
Q: Was Snoop Dogg's debut studio album released on the weekend?
Q: Is the Mona Lisa in the same museum as the Venus de Milo?
Q: Are the Great Lakes part of an international border?
Q: Do Muslims have a different idea of Seraphim than Christians?
Q: Would a sophist use an épée?
Q: Can you use the T-Mobile tuesdays app if you aren't a T-Mobile customer?
Q: Are lengths measured in metres in the UK?
Q: Does Lorem ipsum backwards fail to demonstrate alliteration?
Q: Is the most recent Democrat President in the US known for his painting practice?
Q: Was the Treaty of Versailles settled over blueberry scones?
Q: Are twins always born during the same year?
Q: Could Bob Marley's children hypothetically win tug of war against Kublai Khan's children?
Q: Did Ivan the Terrible's father and grandfather have nicer nicknames?
Q: Would Cuba Libre consumption help with insomnia?
Q: Is shrimp scampi definitely free of plastic?
Q: Can you get Raclette in YMCA headquarters city?
Q: Was Harry Truman's presidency unaffected by the twenty-third Amendment to the US Constitution?
Q: Could John Key issue an executive order in the USA?
Q: Could someone in a coma experience fear?
Q: Was Lil Jon's top ranked Billboard song a collaboration with a member of The Lox?
Q: Did Jane Austen suffer from middle child syndrome?
Q: Are sea turtles enjoying life during quarantine?
Q: Does penicillin cure a learning disability?
Q: Did the 23rd amendment give Puerto Ricans the right to vote for president?
Q: Did the phone Alexander Graham Bell use have call waiting?
Q: Is it hard for Rahul Dravid to order food at a restaurant in Aurangabad?
Q: Is winter associated with hot temperatures?
Q: Was animal in You're a Good Sport, Charlie Brown, hypothetically a hound?
Q: Is the United States the largest exporter of Fair Trade products?
Q: In Doctor Who, did the war doctor get more screen time than his successor?
Q: Would a 900,000 pound net worth person be an American billionaire if they exchange currency June 2020?
Q: Could Bart Simpson have owned comics with The Joker?
Q: Can telescopes hear noise?
Q: Does Adobe Suite have video game engine coding?
Q: Can you buy Reddit at Walmart?
Q: When the shuttle Columbia 11 landed, was it the season for Christmas carols?
Q: Do people in middle school usually get breast exams?
Q: Are psychiatric patients welcome to join the United States Air Force?
Q: Did children read Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone during the Albanian Civil War?
Q: Was King Kong (2005 film) solvent?
Q: Should Peter Griffin be an expert at the craft of brewing?
Q: Was P. G. Wodehouse's favorite book The Hunger Games?
Q: Can a Sphynx cat be used for wool?
Q: Are tampons a good 24 hour solution for mentruation?
Q: Do tourists prefer Tuvalu to Niue?
Q: Can the Very Large Telescope observe the largest mountain on Earth?
Q: Could you brew beer from start to finish in the month of September?
Q: Can music be used as a weapon?
Q: Did Jeremy Irons master sweep picking as a child?
Q: Is the Riksdag a political entity in Scandinavia?
Q: Were there greater landslides than 1980 United States presidential election?
Q: Would the average American family find Adam Sandler's home to be too small?
Q: Is Batman (1989 film) likely to be shown on flight from NY to Kansas City?
Q: Could morphine cure HIV?
Q: Is a curling iron necessary in curling?
Q: Did Confederate States Army influence West Point fashion?
Q: Did Mozart ever buy anything from Dolce & Gabbana?
Q: Could Charlie Bucket be a hotel manager?
Q: Are ropes required to operate a frigate?
Q: Can people die from brake failure?
Q: Did any Golden Globe winners attend John Kerry's alma mater?
Q: Is the Easter Bunny popular in September?
Q: Would an Alfa Romeo vehicle fit inside a barn?
Q: Would baker's dozen of side by side Mac Trucks jam up Golden Gate Bridge?
Q: Is Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution popular in court?
Q: Did US President during Spanish-American War suffer similar demise to Abraham Lincoln?
Q: Is Kobe's famous animal product used in a BLT?
Q: Are any minor league baseball teams named after felines?
Q: Would it be hard to get toilet paper if there were no loggers?
Q: Can you drown in a Swan Lake performance?
Q: Are you likely to hear Rammstein playing in smooth jazz clubs?
Q: Were plants crucial for The King of Rock'n Roll's snack with bananas?
Q: Can you put bitcoin in your pocket?
Q: Did producer of Easy Rider ever star in a movie with Dean Cain's Princeton girlfriend?
Q: Would Arnold Schwarzenegger have a hard time picking up a red fox in 1967?
Q: Did Japanese serfdom have higher status than English counterpart?
Q: Were any members of Canidae in Aesop's Fables?
Q: Is Anakin Skywalker from Star Wars associated with the color black?
Q: Would a cattle farmer be useful to a drum maker?
Q: Would an Evander Holyfield 2020 boxing return set age record?
Q: Would members of Blue Lives Matter support every element of Grand Theft Auto III?
Q: Can spiders help eggplant farmers control parasites?
Q: Did George Washington drive a Lexus?
Q: Would 7 zucchini's satisfy potassium USDA daily recommendation?
Q: Does Nintendo's link ever see an astronomer?
Q: Was the French Revolution televised?
Q: Would a human following a hyena diet be unwelcome at a vegan festival?
Q: Can surgery prevent an existential crisis?
Q: Can Josh Blue participate in Paralympics Games?
Q: Did Ada Lovelace die tragically young for her era?
Q: Do mountain goats inhabit the summit of Mount Sharp?
Q: Do the Egyptian pyramids look the same from outside as they did when new?
Q: Was Jackson Pollock trained by Leonardo da Vinci?
Q: Did Elizabeth I of England own any viscose fiber?
Q: Can Simon Cowell vote for the next Supreme Court judge?
Q: Do Koalas prefer Eucalyptus over meat?
Q: Are any of the words that CAPTCHA stands for palindromes?
Q: Does the New York Public Library sell Alpo products?
Q: Can professional boxers expect to have low dental bills?
Q: Is Metallica protective over their music?
Q: Is the Liberty Bell still in its original location?
Q: Would a responsible bartender make a drink for Millie Bobby Brown?
Q: Do all crustaceans live in the ocean?
Q: Was Iggy Pop named after his father?
Q: Will a sloth explode if it's not upside down?
Q: Did J. P. Morgan have healthy lungs?
Q: Is zoology unconcerned with strigoi?
Q: Is ID required to get all medications from all pharmacies?
Q: Do salmon mate in the Caspian Sea?
Q: Is Glenn Beck known for his mild temper?
Q: Can methane be seen by the naked eye?
Q: Would the tunnels at CERN fit onto the High Speed 1 rails?
Q: Can Planned Parenthood tell your University that you have Herpes simplex virus?
Q: Is coal needed to practice parachuting?
Q: Can you find a snow leopard in the Yucatan?
Q: Was Snoop Dogg an adult when Tickle Me Elmo was popular?
Q: Could the main character of "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" join a Masonic Lodge?
Q: Can a diamond float on water?
Q: Did the Berlin Wall prevent any athletes from competing in the 1936 Summer Olympics?
Q: 4 Krispy Kreme glazed doughnuts exceed AHA  daily sugar allowance?
Q: If your electric stove has a glass top, should you use cast iron skillets?
Q: Could Eric Clapton's children play a regulation game of basketball among themselves?
Q: Are multiple Christmas Carol's named after Saints?
Q: Could a cat ride Panzer VIII Maus tank missile from Barcelona to Madrid?
Q: Does Hades appear in a Disney Channel musical movie?
Q: Was the tenth Amendment to the Constitution written using Pitman shorthand?
Q: Would an adherent of Zoroastrianism consult the Quran for religious guidance?
Q: Do white blood cells outnumber red blood cells in the human body?
Q: Do you have to put on glasses to read a QR code?
Q: Was Daniel thrown into the lion's den in the New Testament?
Q: Could Al Capone have read works from the Harlem Renaissance?
Q: Have rhinoceroses been killed to improve human sex lives?
Q: Can Larry King's ex-wives form a water polo team?
Q: Would a northern fur seal pass a driving test?
Q: Is the current Chief Justice of the United States forbidden from buying alcohol?
Q: Do hamsters provide food for any animals?
Q: Did Eric Clapton have similar taste in women to one of the Beatles?
Q: Would a nickel fit inside a koala pouch?
Q: Has categories of Nobel prizes remained same since Alfred Nobel established them?
Q: Was Subway involved in a pedophilia scandal?
Q: Does Nigella Lawson care about solubility?
Q: Was Christina Aguilera born in the forgotten borough?
Q: Are there Americans still enlisted in the Confederate States Army?
Q: Was ship that recovered Apollo 13 named after a World War II battle?
Q: Would it be difficult to host Stanley Cup Finals at Rock in Rio?
Q: Could the Great Wall of China connect the Dodgers to the White Sox?
Q: Would downloading Mario 64 on an emulator be legal?
Q: Did Al Capone carry a smartphone?
Q: Would Kelly Clarkson's voice shake glass?
Q: Did Christopher Columbus condone multiple deadly sins?
Q: Did Johnny Carson win enough Emmy's to fill a carton if Emmy's were eggs?
Q: Can horseradish be eaten in a religious context?
Q: Can Burundi's communicate with citizens of New Brunswick?
Q: Did Douglas Adams use email as a child?
Q: Did any of the amazons on Xena: Warrior Princess star on later shows?
Q: Did land owners elect their rulers in the Kingdom of Hungary?
Q: Did brother of Goofy creator's employer commit an excommunicable offense?
Q: Would keelhauling be a fair punishment under the Eighth Amendment?
Q: Is the Golden eagle considered a scavenger bird?
Q: Should cactus soil always be damp?
Q: Is retail a job anybody can be suited for?
Q: Do most middle class families have butlers?
Q: Do restaurants associate meatballs with the wrong country of origin?
Q: Was Pi an acceptable number of children in 1980s China?
Q: In isopropyl alcohol, is the solubility of salt low?
Q: Do the James Bond and Doctor Who series have a similarity in format?
Q: Did U.S. soldiers listen to Justin Bieber's Believe album during the Battle of Baghdad?
Q: Can you only see hippopotamus in Africa?
Q: Could an infant solve a sudoku puzzle?
Q: Could George Washington's own speeches have been recorded live to a compact disc?
Q: Would WWF be angrier if you killed koala instead of black swan?
Q: Would a Dolce & Gabbana suit wearer be shunned by their Amish cousins?
Q: Is the Foreign and Commonwealth Office a European political agency?
Q: Were items released from Pandora's box at least two of the names of Four Horsemen?
Q: Can you get a ride on Amtrak to the Underworld?
Q: Are some Brazilian Navy ships built in Britian?
Q: Is Kim Kardashian a guru?
Q: Did Johann Sebastian Bach leave his first wife for his second wife?
Q: Does Dragon Ball shows and movies fall short of Friday 13th number of projects?
Q: Do Windows or Android smartphones run newer versions of Linux?
Q: Is a pottery kiln inappropriate for use with glass blowing?
Q: Can all of Snow White's dwarfs play a game of 7 Wonders simultaneously?
Q: Did eggs need to be kept cold in the middle ages?
Q: Does Ahura Mazda have a rivalry with Zeus?
Q: Does a person need a college degree to become a bartender?
Q: Can black swan's formation type help spell longest word in Dictionary?
Q: During the time immediately after 9/11, was don't ask don't tell still in place?
Q: Would a psychic who admits to hot reading be trustworthy?
Q: Did the Eastern Orthodox Church and the Byzantine Empire ever use the same calendar?
Q: Does Homer Simpson need two hands worth of fingers to count to 5?
Q: Would a customer be happy if their grocery store meat tasted like game?
Q: Did either Kublai Khan or his grandfather practice monogamy?
Q: Can you see Stonehenge from a window in Dusseldorf?
Q: Did Secretariat win a Formula One championship?
Q: Does Mercury make for good Slip N Slide material?
Q: Did Amy Winehouse always perform live perfectly?
Q: Are all types of pottery safe to cook in?
Q: Would a Rabbi celebrate Christmas?
Q: Would it be safe to have a jackfruit thrown at your head?
Q: Did Monty Python write the Who's on First sketch?
Q: Could one Amazon share ever buy twenty year Netflix subscription?
Q: Is it impossible to tell if someone is having a stroke?
Q: Did Tom Bosley enjoy video games on the PlayStation 4?
Q: Is the tree species that the name Leipzig refers to an evergeen tree?
Q: Can a blind person tell time by Big Ben?
Q: Can Chinese mountain cat survive in the orbit?
Q: Was Superhero fiction invented in the digital format?
Q: Does US brand Nice depend on Western honey bee?
Q: Will Dustin Hoffman likely vote for Trump in 2020?
Q: Is the CIA part of the Department of Defense?
Q: Is Newspeak considered very straightforward?
Q: Would someone in CHE101 require a Maya Angelou book?
Q: Would a duck ever need a Caesarean section?
Q: Is the voice of the Genie from Disney's Aladdin still alive?
Q: Did Benito Mussolini wear bigger shoes than Hafþór Björnsson?
Q: Can preventive healthcare reduce STI transmission?
Q: Would early Eastern Canadian Natives language have use of the letter B?
Q: Is Alistair Darling in favor of Scottish independence?
Q: Does a lapidary work with items that are studied by geologists?
Q: Is the Gujarati script the same category of script as Kanji?
Q: Can lobster breathe in the desert?
